 Hey, what's going on everybody this Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 I got some special for you guys over the next three episodes
 I'm actually on vacation right now. Thanks to the vacation my wife and my kids and I are all in Hawaii
 Hawaii might hear them giggling in the background depending on how well this microphone picks up noise
 And so I didn't have a chance to record a podcast for the next couple
 Episodes but before I left on vacation actually had a chance to be part of a really cool summit that my friend Christopher Vos put on called
 The ROR symposium and he had me as his keynote speakers and he had me talk about
 Just my history my journey using
 Relationships and joint ventures and things like that the dream 100 has I call it to build my business and everything
 We've done over the last almost 20 years now and so it was a really special
 Presentation it was one that I came to with notes but not PowerPoint slides and things like that
 It was more I just wanted to kind of share from my heart and you know Christopher Vos
 You know
 He's a very emotional person and he brings out a motion and apparently I found out afterwards all the speakers end up crying
 In fact, I did as well during my presentation
 So there's something really special in the middle that you'll find out about but anyway, I hope you really enjoy these
 They're gonna help you to learn how to
 Build joint ventures how to find your dream 100 how to build better relationships with people
 And how to turn that into more business and help you to get your mission out there to change more people's lives
 If you don't know Christopher Vos is I recommend following him
 He told me that the best sites send you guys to I said where's nice
 People are listening want to go deeper with you and learn more about
 Relationships and how to build businesses using him he said the ROR university calm would be the best place for you as it goes
 So if you want to go deep with Chris go to ROR university calm check out. He's got there without said
 I'm a cute theme song we come back you know you have a chance to hear the first
 First part of my keynote presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 As I was kind of thinking through this I was like man
 There's you know 30 something speakers coming everyone's talking about different ways to do this ROR
 Return of relationship game and everyone's got different ideas and things and they got me thinking back
 Man almost
 1920 years ago now
 And so I if you guys are cool that I just want to do some story time and tell you guys my story and some of the things along the journey that
 That I tried that I failures the successes
 Specifically inside of this like relationship and joint venture partners and things like that and hopefully it'll it'll
 You know give you guys some comfort cuz everyone's starting different points and sometimes you look at someone like me
 You're like oh Russell knows Tony Robbins and Dan Kennedy and did it up
 But there was a day 18 19 20 years ago where I was a little kid scared out of my mind
 awkwardly trying to message people
 Pre-Facebook, you know, so I'm sending emails and trying to and it was scary and hard and so hopefully it'll give you some
 You know some faith in whatever your in your journey just like okay. This is right
 It's gonna be good just gonna be for some of us especially the introverts like me like this is gonna be something that kind of stretches you and feels uncomfortable sometimes
 But then it can become something you really love and enjoy and
 Gives you the ability to change the world at a level. You never thought was possible
 so that's kind of my game plan then after we go for some Q&A and and
 Whatever we want to do or we can celebrate have a party or we can
 Seeing Christopher song let him have a nap. It'll be anyway. What do we want to be fun? So
 Looking back, it's funny cuz when I got started in this business. I was still in college
 So I just met my beautiful wife Collette who I think we're celebrating our
 Things are 20th anniversary this this summer, which is crazy. So
 She's stuck around my chaos for this long and she's she's uh
 That she's the best and so but we just gotten married and I was trying to figure out a supporter
 I wanted to I was wrestling and I didn't want to quit wrestling. So Mike. How do I wrestle and
 Do you know do all these things at once and so I did what most people do and I went to Google and typed in how to make money, right?
 Which who here has done that at one point in your career and you go on this rabbit trail right of like whoa
 There's a lot of things to do and everyone's got everything and you start joining email newsletters
 You know those are at first and she's like these emails from all these people and then for me
 It was like I was reading blogs and then I was joining
 I didn't have Facebook groups back then they had forums
 I was joined like the warrior forum and they how to how to court forum and then
 Anyway, there's like 20 or 30 in forums so all the long I'm reading forums of people and I'm getting emails and and I'm learning all these things
 and it was interesting because I
 Was learning I was learning all the different pieces right like some people would talk about
 SEO and that's what they they geek out on so like I started reading all the SEO articles and I started learning how to
 SEO and backlink so I was like oh this is how you make money and then someone else like
 SEO stupid. This is how we make money and they had a whole different strategy and then someone else had different strategy and soon
 I was just looking at all these shiny objects and I was like I don't know which one I'm supposed to do
 How many guys were filled out before like there's like eight thousand things like Russell said funnels someone else said that like ah
 And so I was not as well
 And so I was just like I got in this perpetual like learning phase right where I say learning and studying learning and studying
 Then I started watching what was happening right and I was on all these different email lists
 But then it seemed like coordinate like it was coordinate like once every couple months also now we get an email from
 30 or 40 people who somehow got an email list and all of them would be talking about the same product at the exact same time right and
 And also you're like oh my gosh everyone's talking about this thing right and I think the first ones
 I saw there's that there's an old ebook called Google cache and it's how people make you money on Google doing Google ads
 It's Chris carpenters offer and he had gotten a whole bunch of affiliate
 I know how the time but he holds affiliates all promoted at the same time. So my inbox
 I'm at college open my inbox and there's like 40 emails from people all talking about this book
 I'm like this is this everyone's talking. I was gotta be the secret. I was so excited
 I went and paid the sixty seven dollars for an ebook which known to ebooks for back then and we're all confused like literally
 I remember messaging the the support team. I was like two weeks later. Mike when's the book gonna show up and it's it's digital
 I'm like I don't know what that means when I being she download it and again 20 years ago
 That was like that was weird. That wasn't like a thing that you know nowadays we all get it back then
 And so like download this book. I'm trying to read it and I was just like I paid sixty seven dollars for a PDF
 My wife's gonna kill me when she finds out
 But I'm reading it. I'm getting all excited like this next big thing and all of a sudden there's this next promotion
 Everybody's talking about this next thing. I'm always like 20 30 emails. I was like, oh, it's gotta be this
 I jumped over there and it started me on this rabbit trail
 I just remember being confused and overwhelmed and all the things a lot of us go through right
 And about that time this was probably the very first ever high ticket or night high ticket like thousand dollar
 Product there was this guy and I didn't know who he was at the time
 But again all of a sudden the email start flying in my inbox right and they're all for this guy
 They say this guy is the godfather internet marketing and he's retiring and because that he's given away his entire
 Empire everything he's built and and he called it the farewell packaging. This is my farewell from the internet. I'm done
 I'm out. I've made millions of dollars and I'm I'm I'm leaving and his name was Mark Joiner
 And I didn't know who Mark was at the time
 But I started reading the emails and the stuff and I was just like
 This is this is the greatest thing in the world right?
 So I remember going to the sales page reading through it ready to try to you know buy it for 20 or 30 bucks
 Whatever and the price went with a thousand dollars and I was like oh
 Like I do not have a thousand dollars. I've never had a thousand dollars
 My wife was working supporting the time and she was making I believe 915 hours. So I mean it would take her
 Man over a hundred hours. No, it's got taxes by 200 hours of her working. So that's you know
 That's a lot of time to pay for this thousand our course. I remember looking at it
 I was like like I don't know any money like I'm a broke wrestler. I just gotten married there for now
 I'm living off my wife who's making 915 hours as a
 Receptionist wish she was working at and I was like there's no way I can do it
 and so I remember
 I remember not being able to buy it not being able to buy it and but I kept some emails and promotions and you know
 The urgency and the scarcity and and eventually got a point
 Where's out to sell out probably five or six weeks into this whole thing and they're about to sell out and they were you know closing down the car
 I remember the night before
 This is again for those who are newer before there were webinars
 There's these called teleseminars where you would pick up the phone and you'd call and you'd just listen to
 People talk and so I called this teleseminar and on the teleseminar these guys are talking about the mark joiner farewell package and
 And I could just it was gonna be gone the next day and you had to get it
 And I remember like listening to it and being sick to my stomach and lean in bed at night
 And I was like I have to do it
 Like this is my this is my thing and being so stressed out and finally
 You know next morning. I still ain't about my wife woke up and I was like Klette
 How do I bought like a lot of stupid things that haven't done anything with anybody up?
 I think this is the one I think this is the thing like I remember asking her I was like
 Can I can I buy it and she's like in she said something like in fact I talked about it
 I wrote it in the traffic seekers book the story, but she's like well like do you think this is like the one for you
 I was like I think this is the one she's like okay
 Then here's our credit card and we'll have like a $500 credit limits
 I had a call that make like can you double our limit to a thousand like this is how like green that we were back then
 And we did it and I bought the course and I remember I got the course
 And there was like 15 CDs all these interviews
 And so I started listening to the CDs and it was crazy as Mark was talking
 He kept talking over and over and over again about two two concepts
 The first one was the power of your own list
 He kept talking about you have to have your email list and this is how it works if you have an email list of
 10,000 people you send an email out to your offer
 You know you can sell a bunch of your things and I started realizing like oh my gosh
 This has literally it's been happening. I'm on all these people's email list
 They have big email lists an email and if I buy a thousand dollar course
 They they must have made 500 bucks and I started doing like started putting the pieces together
 It's like oh my gosh is that worked?
 And um and some of you guys I'm not gonna tell the whole story
 But you know that hurt some of you have heard my story like after listening to two or three these CDs
 I was like I need an email list and I went down that whole journey where I got called a spammer and anyway
 So that's insert that story there. I'm not gonna tell it story because it's outside of the context of of this uh
 This event but I started trying to send an email and it didn't work
 And I was just like oh like the thing Mark could teach him I need to have an email list
 But everyone's got one except for me like I don't know
 I don't know the list it's not fair
 And I kept listening to to Mark's course and as he got deeper and deeper in the course
 He started talking about this thing called joint ventures
 And he was like every time he started a new company or launching a new product
 The first thing we do before we buy ads or anything is we go and we have these different
 You know partners who all already have email lists
 Is like a good people already have email lists and then some of them will promote and send traffic to my thing
 And that's how you make money and I was like I was just seeing I started like
 You know that there's this curtain in front of your face and the curtain's lifted
 Like I saw the wizard of Oz. I'm like, this is how it works
 You have to have an email list
 If you don't have an email list you find other people email lists and
 And they promote your offer and then that people buy your product and then you have an email list
 And I was like it all started making sense in my head. I was like, okay
 And then I did what um, I'm sure all of you guys did
 Especially if you've read traffic seekers book
 And I didn't know what this was called at the time. I didn't have words for it
 Uh, but it was basically my first stream 100. I was like, okay
 Well, who were like who's got an email list like like
 Mark said people have email lists when you find people email lists
 And so um, that was kind of the next question
 And so I started making my first stream 100 list
 And it was funny because I had this this farewell package I bought from mark jointer
 And he had all the people he interviewed so I said, well, this is my dream 100 all the people mark interviewed
 And so I don't remember most of the names. I do remember joe by tally though. He was one of the names
 And some of you has no joe by tally if you go to mrfire.com. He's like 400 books
 He's awesome
 I'm joe by tally down. I saw right other people's names down
 Um, and so I remember I had brilliant stream 100 list
 I was like, okay, this is easy. I'm just gonna email them all and then they're gonna promote my thing
 And i'm gonna be rich like this this seems really awesome, right?
 And i'm sure some of you guys have thought that before hopefully it'll hopefully not just me
 If I start emailing
 Joe by tally and I can't read all the other names joe's one that stuck on my head and I remember emailing them all
 And then just waiting like hey, they're gonna respond back to me
 And then this is gonna be this big thing and i'm gonna make a bunch of money
 And I think I had my first or second product at the time
 So I was like I had a product for them to sell and everything
 Send all the emails out
 And it was crickets not one person wrote back to me
 And I was like, huh
 I was like, okay, either this mark joiners full of crap or I need to send another email
 So being a you know a relentless
 Person I send another email though. I'm like, hey, joe by tally
 Do not give my email because I've got this new product and if we you promote it
 We can split the money 50 50 it's gonna be awesome
 Right like he's for sure. I'll even give you 60 percent commission like maybe i'll blow his mind
 Right as I tell him this thing
 Crickets nobody responds back to me and I remember just being like
 I was like this internet thing doesn't work. So I remember being frustrated and just like
 Not knowing what to do. I'm not believing this jb thing actually worked
 you know
 Assuming that it's impossible to build an email list and um
 You know, and I've stuck in that rut for for a while probably
 I don't know how many four or five months of this rut of just like didn't work. I tried
 You know and I haven't he has done that where you try something somebody told you and then you're like, uh
 like it reminds me of um
 Well, they're mine. I'm not gonna tell a story, but it reminds me just like
 You know, some of us do that where we're like we're trying to follow guru
 They tried to think it doesn't work. They're like I didn't work. It's like
 Maybe we just didn't execute quite correctly. So fast forward a little while later. Um, there was this uh internet marketing event
 Uh, it was arm and morn. It was called the big seminar back then and it was like the seminar on the industry
 Can I funnel acting?
 I'm liking live as nowadays. It was the seminar
 And so I remember saving up some money and we flew out
 I made a little bit of money online at this point. Not a lot. I was making I don't maybe a thousand bucks a month or something
 So I had a little bit of money just so I didn't have to yell you know, borrow more money from kollette
 It's credit card and uh and go to this event. So uh, I fly out to um to this event. It's in at lanta
 I go to seminar and I remember thinking all the speakers on stage. I'm gonna get all that's gonna be my next
 You know affiliates or my next people. I'm gonna be partners with and so we're seeing all the speakers and they're like they seem bigger than life
 They're on stage and they're talking and I was just like if any of these guys promoted my product
 I'd be rich like that's the thing going through my head, right?
 Um, and so I'm seeing them writing all their names down like having to become partners them and conferenced them. I'm gonna lead them face to face
 Maybe that's the secret. I mean face to face then it'll be easy. Um,
 Unfortunately, I'm like insanely introverted and shy and scared. So I'm like I met the event
 I see the person walking by I remember like seeing uh, Stephen Pierce. He was the guy at the time and he walked past
 I was just like
 He walked past me and he walked past like uh bloot stupid wrestle stupid wrestling
 He didn't even talk to him and I'm sitting there to hallway and I was an arm and actually I was in the bathroom
 Arm and walked next to me in the urinal next to me. I'm like
 Arm is right here. What are you? I say something? No, I can't say the bathroom is so awkward and he looks over
 He's like, hey, man, how's it going? I'm like, well, good
 And he's like, all right and he walks away and walks out the bathroom like oh like I blew it again
 I blew it again, you know
 And I'm too scared to talk to any of the speakers
 Um, but I'm like for me. I'm like, this is the key like this is the key to my freedom as these speakers
 And I didn't dare do it. I went and went down every single person. I talked to single one of them
 And then at nights, um, all the attendees would go to the bar. You know, I'm not a drinker. I've never drinking my life
 Uh, no school I'm believing but I've literally never drinking my entire life
 So I'd go these bars and I was like, I don't want people to think I'm drinking because like I have a
 Thing like that. I want to avoid the appearance of people at all costs, right? So remember I'd go to the bar
 And I was like, how do I
 You know, and I I alluded to the bartender's like you want something to drink? I was like, can you give me milk?
 He was like, hey seriously, I'm like, I don't know. Can you? I was like because if it's gonna be like a sprite people can think it's some
 Physi- I don't know. I don't know. You know what drinks are like it's gonna be a physi- you know something something you know
 They're gonna know that it's not
 Alcohol, right? So like all right, so the guy gives me a milk
 I'm holding his milk at the bar walking around and everyone's like, uh, all these people start coming to me
 Which is really cool. And they're like like are you drinking milk? I was like, yeah, like why are you drinking milk?
 I'm like, oh, I'm I'm more of a man. So I don't drink and so
 You know, and I'm and I'll kind of laugh at me
 But it opened a dialogue where they came to me and this is okay side note interesting for the introvert who the introverts in the room
 Um, if you're introvert, I learned something really cool. Um
 Nick was Nicholas barely actually told me this he dresses weird because he's introverted and he's too scared to go talk to people
 It's like if I do something weird is that people come to me and like oh nice shirt nice class is nice
 Global and so that's what happens. I had this weird thing and then people came to me to like why are you drinking milk in a bar?
 And then it started conversation then my main conversation I can do it
 It's like the walking up to like how am I gonna go and you know, I mean like so scary for me
 And so people start talking to me we start becoming friends and get to know people
 And I'm talking in this group and it was interesting because everyone I was talking to
 They all had businesses just like me, but they weren't the guy on stage with a list of 100,000 people and all this kind of stuff
 Right they were here and they had a list of like 500 people or I got a list of 1200 people
 They were all kind of at this level about the same level. I was that
 I was like, oh my gosh, they start talking and you know each other and back then it was before Skype or before or it was pre-skite
 It was pre um, what we used to do is slack or instant mess or whatever
 We used to use um yahoo messenger or IRQ or AOL
 And so it was always like what like what messenger do you want like here's my AOL chat or here's my IRQ or so I see q
 Sorry, I see q or here's my it's like given to us
 So like that was how we get to know people so I put it right down
 And then um, I remember like the people like when Mike Phil saying was on yahoo messenger his name was sign and drive dot com
 And I remember brad callin. I remember brad phallin. I remember as I started meeting all these people at the bar
 Well, I'm drinking my milk and getting on I'm writing down all their the little handles
 um
 And then we get home
 And away from the event and so I just put those things in and I start messaging them
 I'm like I'm feel way more comfortable talking through text, you know through yahoo messenger
 I was like, hey great. You knew the vent like oh, this is a picture. You see remember who I was right?
 And the person right I thought oh, yeah, they were really cool. Like you really got the milk right? I'm like, yeah
 You know and we started this dialogue and then I was like, okay
 Um, not even thinking that these guys would be like big partners someday
 But I kind of started getting to know these people and we were all kind of at the same level
 This is the key. Okay. I'm trying to tell stories with hopefully principles you guys can pick from it
 um, so uh
 All these people were at the same level
 And I remember because at the same time I was like
 messaging Joe Vitale, messaging all the speakers in the event and none of them responding, but she's like crickets
 Don't respond back. I'm talking to these guys and remember I was like creating an offer
 And uh these guys have become my friends. I was like, hey, can you check this out?
 Like do you think this is good as the offer good is the is the and they start messaging back and all of a sudden like
 They started becoming um
 Involved my business right like like they had invested interest because they were they were kind of like oh, I would do this or try this or I
 Try this over here and also we started sharing ideas back and forth
 And it was really cool and then they share what they were doing back and forth
 It was really cool and I had vested interest in their projects because I was like, oh, you should try this or oh I did this
 You should try this and build this little group of people
 I don't know it's probably four or five six people maybe that we kind of do this thing
 And I remember because about the time is when my very first
 Software product ever came out and I don't talk much about this product was a product called zip-brander and I'm so proud of it
 And I remember I sent it to uh to mike filthame. I was like, hey, here's my first software. I check it out
 He was like dude, that's so cool. Do I mean to promote it to my list?
 And I was like
 Wait, he just asked me like never happened. I was just like
 I've been asking all the people at this level up here
 All the people I'm looking up to the guru is the big famous people
 No one like crickets and all send like my friends like I'll promote my list and I was like, dude
 Are you serious? He's like, yeah, I'm like, okay
 And so I give him the link he sends email to his list and I okay, I'm like
 I paid him like 50 60 70. I was like, you can have all the money. I just want I need a list
 I know the goal the goal is the gilless. I'll give you 100% commission, right?
 So he promoted and I think he sold I don't know he sold five or six copies of my thing
 Um, but then I got the money and then I gave most of it to him
 But then what happens I got five or six customers
 But a bunch of people had a pop up on the site a bunch of people thought pop up and I got like three or 400 people in my email list
 I was like, oh, this is awesome
 And then I knew my kind of product. I was like, hey man
 Um, I was like, dude
 I love that he had a product called carbon copy marketing back then or something. It was really it was these little it was a
 Two-disc DVD set and this is before DVD
 So like um, he literally would I go and he like printed DVD and ship it out to you from his house like that's this is how
 You know 20 years ago. Remember this is before uh, you know things like that and so um
 He said yeah, so I emailed my list of like 300 people from him plus the four 500 people I built
 So maybe a thousand of my lists I sent an email and I sold like five or six of his DVDs
 And he was like thanks man and like we did our first like little cross promotion
 And my me and my cooking friends and then Mike told me
 Then Mike's like dude, you know who you should do
 I met this guy named Gary Ambrose you should meet Gary because Gary has got a list too
 And he promoted the same DVDs you just promoted and it was awesome
 He should get known so he introduced me to Gary
 Me and Gary met up and I was like, oh and Gary and I started sharing ideas and then eventually he promoted
 Well, I think that promote his and then um and then Gary's like, oh dude you should meet so-and-so
 And I was like, oh, you should meet so and all of a sudden we started this little like four or five people start introducing more and more people
 And soon I've got 20 or 30 friends all on
 On uh, yahoo messenger and AOL that we're we're talking back and forth and getting to know each other
 All right, it was interesting is that we all kind of help promoting each other
 Our list went from you know four or five hundred people to a thousand to 1500 to a thousand to 2,500
 And it kept they kept growing and growing and I was looking at this little group of people all working together
 Like it was like a groundswell where our businesses all started like gradually rising together like the let's say a rising tide raises all
 Ships, right? That's what started happening. We started getting bigger and bigger. I'm like, oh my gosh. This is so cool
 Um, and we started doing more things and and uh, this is now a two or three year period of time
 Well, I was in college we're going back and doing these things and it was just um, it was really
 It was really cool, right?
 And uh
 I remember one day Mike had this idea Mike Filson had this idea for a product called butterfly marketing
 So he's never heard of it. It's the first time he had the idea and he's like, hey man, check out the cells that are
 And he had this huge sales letter
 And on the cells that are he had these testimonies from all the people like all the people he'd want right
 I was like, how do you guys testimonials? He's like, oh, I didn't I just put their pictures in and just as a place holder
 As like a dream of someday wanting these people as testimonials
 I was like, oh, it'd be so cool to get to know them
 And then he's like, well, I met so and so and so who doesn't know that person and also like this network started happening, right?
 And uh, he, anyway, Mike went and started messaging and eventually got to uh, to the person one of the people and they gave him a thing and also
 He got a bigger promotion from a bigger person and what happened is as we started doing this, you know, again
 The people I looked up to were way up here and they went responding to me and uh, do that and this this group down here became friends
 We all started going together and eventually what's happening is we got bigger and bigger and bigger
 We got closer to these people. I remember probably man two years, maybe three years into this business
 Um, I had an idea and I was like creating this whole project was membership site
 It was called the lost files and it was based on old public domain books, which
 I could talk about for six years, but it's like this geeky nerdy thing that that you can make money with
 And so I got excited and I'm criticizing and I was like joe by tal. He's written like 500 books
 I'm like, oh joe would be like
 My dream person. I knew joe talked about public domain in the past
 Joe had actually published a couple books from the public domain. I was like he'd be my dream partner
 But I was like he's ignored like 40 emails from me like there's no way he's gonna respond me now, right?
 I was like, oh, I gotta do something. So I remember I messaged him again this time
 And I was like, hey joe
 Sorry to bug you. I had this new site. I explained what uh, what public
 My site the loss files calm like this is what is how it works and everything and then the next day
 I get email back from joe and I was like
 Too scared even open. I'm like, this is crazy and joe messes me back. He's like, hey russell so good to me
 He's like, I haven't seen your name everywhere all these different people keep promoting yourself
 I keep like keep popping in my inbox
 The loss file sounds awesome and uh, and I the way he made the connection like he didn't
 I don't think he didn't connect that it was me who was annoying him for like 40 emails prior
 He just didn't connect it or maybe he just ignored it or he forgave me or whatever but he messaged back and said yes
 I was like
 To my telly said yes and I was freaking out
 And so he goes and he does this we just promotion with me him and it tells him how to get he promoted his list
 And then and the tell us and already for the loss files we signed up like 300 members off his list
 And like 40 bucks a month which for a college kid is insane
 Um, and it was like this one deal and then joe's like oh by the way
 Have you met so and so and so and like starts opening this doors again?
 And now that now because I had gotten closer and closer
 I got one one person in and i'll send it open up this whole network of people
 And that was like my journey for the first three or four years. Um,
 And so I wanted to I wanted to kind of lead with that because again, I think so many of you guys are like me where
 You see the people like I eat people all the time
 Russell you say to build a dream 100. I've got a dream one and it's just you and i'm like
 Not a good strategy. I literally said dream 100 for a very important per per like reason
 Because it shouldn't be me like I do maybe one promotion a year and usually it's for tony robins
 And so for me to get say yes, it's it's going to be where I we got a date for a decade before it's going to happen
 So like if you're banking on that
 Like it's going to be a long long time to for something to happen
 Right as I can instead go and do things with people at your own tier your own level where they're looking for things and look for cross-motion
 These are happening and we'll have things start rising stop and all of a sudden people like me are going to start seeing you show my news feed
 You show I start seeing emails. I saw all of a sudden it's like now there's this relationship
 Right it's funny there's um
 Um
 This is a funny story. So one of my uh
 One of my buddies. I met him probably probably probably in 12 years ago now
 Um, some of you guys know his Chad walner. He's a chiropractor. I talked about him in the dot com seekers book
 But he um he moved into our area and so um we go to church
 We were going the same church and so he shows up and he sees me and he's like seeing me online. He knew I was and stuff
 He came to me. He's like he's like Russell. Um, he's like dude. This is so I can't leave you in my ward
 Like I you know, I've seen him before blah blah blah all stuff. He's like we actually have a mutual friend together
 And I was like we do he's like yeah, and he um, so he's trying to you know build the connection so we can you know
 We can connect and stuff and uh it was interesting because he said that um you guys mutual friend
 Um, and they told me names like here's the guy's name and I was like don't know who he is
 He's like oh
 Weird because he talks about you all the time as if you guys are best friends. I don't know who that is. I'm so sorry and um
 and uh
 years later
 Chad and I had this discussion about this and it's funny because he he was like now like
 like
 The realization if I guess not it's not who you know, it's who knows you, right?
 Like I knew what joe vitally was. I knew these people. I knew 20 robins
 I knew that like so I wanted I wanted them, but but it's not that I know them. I need them to know me
 Right, so it's how do you get them to know you?
 Well, it's like doing cool stuff in the market that are playing and showing up
 What they see in the news today so you see email is seeing stuff
 We're also gonna keep seeing these things and then they see you they gotta know who you are
 Right when you approach them like hey, my name is so-and-so if they don't know who you are, it's gonna be really hard to build a relationship
 But they're like hey, this is so-and-so. It's easy. Like for example, um
 uh, I was trying to do negotiation with
 Someone the other day
 I was trying to tell you the details. I can't though. Uh anyway
 Really big company to be aware of who they are. Um, and so I tried to get a meeting with the the founder of it
 uh
 And um we get on a zoom call like this and the very first thing he says he's like man
 Russell he's like I see you like 12 times a day you were everywhere in my news feed
 I get emails from you like you must be the best internet market on the planet
 And I was like this is gonna be the easiest negotiation in my entire life because he knows exactly who I am right?
 And so it's me coming to him like trying to explain who I was right and so it's like as you're doing stuff
 Actually in the marketplace people will start seeing them become aware of you
 Right and that's how you start rising to top. I gotta get people all the time that I best is making
 I speak for like you know, I have I'm like, I don't know who you are like I'm the best speaker
 Here's my speaker a little I'm like, I don't know you are
 Right, but check this out
 McCall Jones, who I think is on here. She's on here earlier, right?
 McCall she's so the fun I can live then she does the thing and then she starts publishing and she starts doing the
 And like I start seeing her where I see your energy here exciting. I see how she's developing things
 She's like she's like using things to learn from me
 But developing your own things which was really cool because I'm like, oh my gosh
 She's a good student and she's doing things and like this whole thing starts happening
 And I see her my feet. I see her all the time and like my friends are talking about her then
 Um monica who's on this as well monica message to me. There's a caller there. Yeah, what's up?
 And monica message you know the call you get it and so like her friends are calling me and telling me to listen
 And so you know like like I'm watching everything she's doing and I'm like, oh my gosh
 I'm impressed when I start podcast like how many once or twice I talk about you on the podcast before we've been like met
 Officially make this girl my call keeps showing me these cool things and if I like you live as I'm like who should speak if I'm
 I can live I'm like
 There's this girl who's never spoke on a stage before right? She never doesn't like here's my speaker real
 I've got a perfect presentation by my I'm seeing that as like she'd be like the perfect person to come on stage and and speak
 And so anyway, hey mccall it's up
 We're conceptually you guys make sense like it's it's
 If you want to get into like they're called the good old boys club
 Like how do I get in the good old boys club?
 It's like the way you get into it just infiltrate and it starts like buying people going on level and start playing the game
 Start moving forward start making noise start doing stuff and then people can start seeing it start being coming aware of you
 Hey
 Everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 Questions through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-379-07
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So when you need to write now, it's play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
