 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today. I want to talk to you about unicorns
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Okay, so I'm sure you guys have all seen the movie the social network if not one of the greatest movies of all time
 You should go watch it. It is the the movie about the the Facebook start story how Facebook got started
 But there's one scene in there that is that is very very impactful for me in fact
 Looking backwards now
 I came to the movie came out seven or eight years ago, but when it came out, I was on the brink of bankruptcy
 I was trying to figure out my next step. I was trying to throw a Hail Mary pass. I had some friends over in
 in the UK and
 Ireland doing some crazy things so I spent money and have flew out there to Ireland a bunch of them tried to talk to
 Talk to them so they're doing trying to figure out like what's the next step for me and
 Well, I was over there. I remember there's this big yacht party on my buddy Andrew Fox's yacht
 They're having this big yacht party and you know what happens on yacht parties
 I didn't know but as the Mormon kid pretty quickly. I was like, I don't feel comfortable here
 I'm gonna go bounce and right next to the yacht thing cuz we were in that we were doc to the other's movie theater
 So right all there's a movie theater and I remember the movie was playing was the social network. It just come out
 We were all excited to see it went over there. I remember got Hagen Dost cookie dough ice cream
 I don't remember these details was really good though and went in there and
 Watch the movie and wait the ice cream now during the movie. There's a scene
 Justin Timberlake's characters staying down Mark Zuckerberg and
 They're talking everything and then and then and then Eduardo was like and that's when he said it
 And then there's a scene where says you know a million dollars isn't cool. You know, it's cool a
 Billion dollars boom and
 That's like the line. That's the line that like it's so cool, right? So I remember sitting there
 on the brink of bankruptcy try to figure out what I want to do with my business those in shambles and
 All I knew is like I want to create something big like I'd be so cool to build
 Like a Facebook or something like that. I wrote a couple weeks later
 I went to Clickbank, which is here in Boise
 I remember going to Clickbank offices walking around seeing these huge offices and they had a section
 I remember where there are all these people sitting in cubicles and
 And they had these clocks over each time zone because they had support for 24 hours a day
 So like you see what time it was and in you know in Germany and in Russia and in China and Australia
 And it was really cool. I was like, oh like I would die have a business like this someday
 But I think it was possible. I was just like oh I'm gonna do two crazy info products and sell some
 That's kind of my my what I do, right? There's nothing wrong with that by the way. I love that business
 But I remember I was like I wanted I want to build something like that, but I know it was what it's gonna be
 So fast forward to a couple years later. We I met Todd Dickerson aka the man
 we built ClickFunnels aka the product and
 The last five and a half years has been history. It's been crazy. I remember a couple years into it. We were having some success
 I think we had passed I don't 70 million dollars in sales that year and we're like what's it like next is a hundred million
 They're not that like was a billion like oh like that's such a far out goal
 And I remember just kind of being like I never we're never gonna hit that and then I remember Todd Dickerson sent me
 The gift in the mail gift and it was this this poster board. I said a million dollars not cool isn't cool
 You know, it's cool a billion dollars. I remember seeing that I was like it's been my wall ever since last two or three years as
 We started looking towards that that goal. How do we get to a billion dollar company?
 So questions like what's a billion dollar company mean?
 Does it mean it did a billion dollars in sales is the worth a billion is it traded publicly for a billion?
 Did the owners make a billion like there's so many different things and so I'm trying to feel like what's the actual definition like
 What makes something a billion dollar company and as I one on this journey to try to figure out like a metric that I could start
 sinking my life towards and sinking my goals towards
 Resinciin because I was talking about companies that passed a billion dollars in value valuation like that's what they're worth
 They were going sell somebody they get billion dollars
 They call them unicorns like that they're the rare thing
 It's a unicorn and as I studied all these different unicorns has been interesting because almost every unicorn that that's out there
 You know, you look at the path they create a product
 You know, they get to whatever ten million dollars in sales they take on venture capital
 They get to 200 million and they take on the next round and then he goes to do the thing and they get there
 but very few
 Very very few if any who got into a billion dollar valuation without taking on any money
 I don't know if I could even there's got to be some out there, but I'm not sure they are
 That's the interesting I should look at anyway
 And and as I get closer and you look at like what is what is the street?
 That's like that's what all the cool kids call the street which is Wall Street or the valley which is like Silicon Valley
 Like what do they value like what do they consider unicorn? What's the metric?
 What's the number and in the software business which I'm in the metric is?
 ARR annual recurring revenue so the the way they basically if you see it to a hundred million dollars ARR annual recurring revenue
 As a software company you're probably gonna sell for at least 10x which means you're a billion dollar valuation
 You're an officially unicorn and so that became the number. It's interesting is that you know we've done
 The last two years in a row well over a hundred million dollars in sales
 But those sales were all in our our recurring revenue
 They were in event sales and coaching sales and all sorts of these different things right and so on
 Our annual recurring revenue, which is just the the money from this from the software from the SAS subscription
 It's not at a hundred million dollars yet yet yet is the keyword
 But it was close last year was close we were well
 I don't know if I'm allowed to tell my numbers is not even anymore how those things work, but we were about we're about 90%
 The way there I'll tell you that
 There's the benchmark so about 90% of the way to
 hitting a hundred million MRR and so my goal my focus over the last six months or so I was like well how do I
 How do I increase MRR? What's the what's the strategy? What's the secret? How do I do that?
 Like what's the what are the levers? I got a turn?
 It's what those of you been watching the click funnel story
 You notice one of the levers I pulled about four or five months ago
 And if I'm like him live you'll see that that lever push the rest the way down in the next lever
 And if I play my cards right, I think I will
 Hopefully I could screw it up. You never know
 But if I do put my cards right by the time for liking live is over we will have passed
 The hundred million ARR
 Annual recurring revenue
 So that would officially make us a unicorn and give us a billion dollar valuation. They're not there yet. I've got a long way to go
 But I'm excited and I'm not sure why I'm telling you other than just hopefully it gives you guys a goal to shoot towards
 interesting like the times I've business read a goal it was really easy to get up into work hard and
 You know first the goal is just like to feed my family which is a very noble goal
 That was the first one and so it gave me a reason wake up and figure this stuff out
 but after my family was fed my needs were met then it was like okay now what and
 obviously have the impact goals, but like it's hard to to
 To quantify an impact goal. I want change the world. Okay. Like how do you quantify? I
 Don't know so we quantify it with revenue rights like well if I can make a million dollars and sell this means I've helped
 Ex amount of people if I get to 10 million means this many hundred millions this many right and so for each those tears
 You know first was a million dollars and boom got some million dollars
 And it was then it was 10 million and took me and decade and half each a ten million dollars a year and sales
 And then it was you know the hundred million then we got there a couple years later and then it just keep you know keep
 Keep going and again after I passed a hundred million dollars a year and revenue. I was just like the next goal so far away
 A billion dollars in revenue and I think that's still goal. But it's so far away
 It was kind of like I got in wrestling in in college the next the only next goal was the Olympics and the Olympics seems so far away from
 From where I was at right there that I didn't decide to go on that journey
 and so
 For me the next goal was the billion dollar valuation to become a unicorn
 And so that's we're going towards and it's given me and the team and the people who are pushing this
 New motivation new excitement new like passion to to run towards that that goal that vision that thing so I hope that
 That you have nothing else
 Some you guys set a goal to become a unicorn because I think that's a super cool goal
 number two though hope it helps you figure out the goal that you're chasing towards because
 You know it's it's funny
 We we we talk a lot about like the money doesn't matter and it doesn't but it is how we keep scores
 How we know like what tear my head am I here am I here where I need to go like what I got to do what I got to push to get
 To where I want to be so hopefully you're setting those goals you figured them out and you're running towards them
 And so I just want to show you guys my goal running towards becoming a unicorn
 So hopefully get it there sooner than later a couple other cool things
 I won't spoil this but I have started work on the next book now these three books are done
 It's funny. I'm like I'll never write again and then the second ston site unless it's this book then I really want to write again
 So the next book I'm gonna write is not it's not the
 It's not like another secrets book the secrets trilogy is officially closed
 There'll be no more books added to that there'll be micro books like network marketing secrets
 And we'll probably do like a lot of little micro books
 But there'll be no more like added to the trilogy to the to the box set
 So the next book for me to write an next story for me to tell is the story of ClickFunnels how we went from zero to
 To becoming a unicorn without taking on any money and so actually bought bootstrap.com which is crazy
 And now the books we called bootstrapped and I'm gonna tell the story
 Well, we got to finish the story first. Hopefully I get the story
 Hopefully get to the end of the story here soon
 But that's the story I'm gonna tell it's gonna be fun and I had to learn how to write completely different
 Because everyone how to books a lot of them are never written like a storybook
 And so it's gonna be my next challenge my next mission my next fun thing. I'm taking you off
 But then that's that's next goal the next thing I'm running towards so
 I'm excited for that on the fun project to kind of tell you guys the stories behind the stories
 I mean you guys have heard the the story arc of everything is we've gone
 I've been pretty transparent with most things, but there's obviously things that I can't and haven't been able to share yet
 That'll all be coming out in the book
 In three years now, so just don't stress about it. It's not coming soon, but it's gonna be it's gonna be fun project
 So any who?
 It's half the fun is creating the story so you can then write it later, right?
 All right, well, I'm in the office. I got about eight million slides. I gotta do for a liking lives a couple days away
 Appreciate you guys for listening. I hope you've enjoyed this episode. Let me know your goal is
 If you if you enjoyed this podcast take a snapshot of it go to Instagram Facebook post it tag me on it use
 #mark me secrets and let me know what your goal is this upcoming year and it's upcoming decade
 Thanks. You guys appreciate you all and we'll talk soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 So you guys are one funnel way and getting more impact some years are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel no matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Hope you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
