 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you guys are pumped today today
 I'm gonna talk to you guys about
 Some crazy stuff I'm doing right now
 And I want you to understand
 The secret behind what I think is probably the most important skill so she can possibly learn during his life
 And that is how to be coachable
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, all right, so I am it's late night
 I'm actually driving to go get my son from one of his friends houses and I got probably 10 minute drive
 So if I would jump out and hang out with you guys while we're while we're going and I am at the end of day number one of
 A water fast. Yes a water fast. I'm literally gonna make nothing but water for the next five days
 I think some of you guys are rolling your eyes. I mean it's the game insane
 I know this because I post on Instagram today and I got
 Thousands of messages coming back to me allowing from everybody telling me why I'm done
 Why I'm smart and about a million things in between so
 That doesn't matter to me because I'm doing it for a purpose and reason and I'll explain why here in a second before I do
 I want to talk about what I think is one of the most not
 You know one of the probably the most important skills that you can learn
 in this life and I don't know how I how I was blessed that and I didn't you know I had it until I remember on my
 It was after my sophomore year in high school and I joined this
 Freestyle wrestling team the team is called the elite and I was probably the worst kid to join you
 Lee somehow my dad got me in and there's all these guys who were amazing at wrestling and was a private club for these guys
 And they all you know helped to get better and I was in this group
 And I was like having so much fun like being around these guys that you know who were amazing
 I've seen them on you know winning all these big tournaments and everything and so I
 I
 remember going to one of our tournaments and a restless tournament and I
 Remember exactly happened. I remember at restless match and I lost and the coach pulled me off sizing's great Williams
 He's now actually the head wrestling coach at UVU
 he was my freestyle Greco coach of this this little club we're in and
 I remember he pulled me outside. He said hey Russell
 Listen, we're doing wrong and just like a normal coach doesn't walk you through three or four things
 I was like okay, and so I paid attention
 I listened and the next match went there I wrestled and I did the things that he told me to do
 Surprise surprise right so I did the things like I I literally just
 You know, you told me do something so I did it and I remember the next match
 I won I came off the mat and he looked at me kind of strange
 I said what he said he said you were one of the most coachable athletes I've ever met
 I'm like what do you mean?
 He's like most kids I told him how to tell them what to do over and over and over and over and over again
 Before it ever sticks. He's like I told what to do and you went next match and then you just did it
 And he said you're one of the most coachable athletes I ever met and I remember hearing say that I was like oh my gosh
 That's so cool, and so then became like part of my identity like I'm coachable like my coach tells me something
 I'm not gonna I'm not gonna be skeptical. I'm not gonna talk back. I'm gonna shut my mouth
 I'm gonna listen. I'm gonna just do what he says like he's my coach like he knows more than than I do right?
 so I just I'm gonna become as coachable as humanly possible and
 Over the next you know eight years of my wrestling career
 I think that's why I succeeded at high levels because I was so coachable
 Sending this is true for me when I started business like I would come in and I would hire a coach
 I would read a book and whatever the book said I would just follow it
 I would just I just did the thing and lo and behold I became successful because of it and
 It's been interesting
 It's that on the other side of this now and I've had a chance to coach tons of people and help people you know
 It's interesting how few or how uncoachable most people are
 They want to come back and tell you their opinion and why they think they're right and why this and why that?
 I'm just like why would you do that like you hired me to be your coach like you literally paid me to teach you this thing
 And now you're fighting me like
 Doesn't make any sense to me like if I have some who's a coach or someone I pay like I just I do what they say
 I
 Remember actually I'm in the middle of my fourth book right now, which has been a fun project to start on
 I'm not telling too many details about it yet, but there's just one quote with her and it was actually for my friend
 and he was he wrote this article about his morning routine and it was so funny and he's just like talking about things
 he does and how crazy they are and and
 And one of the one of the things he mentioned
 I can't remember what it was was something weird and he's like one why I do that is like because 20 Robbins told me so he said
 I obey all giants with helicopters and stage presence
 I was so funny. I was like, yes, that's all I am. I obey all all giants with helicopters and stage presence
 I obey all people who I hire all coaches all people who I want to learn from
 I obey them I listen to like I asked them their advice and then I just do the thing they said it's it's the weirdest thing in the world
 we recently here a click funnel had a chance to meet with this dude who's literally like
 one of the smartest dudes ever met and
 We were lucky enough
 He sat down for like four hours four five hours with this and walked us through looking at our business like hey
 I would do this I would do this I would just like give us all these things to do
 And so me and Dave would order to take notes as fast as we can and all the things and just like oh my gosh
 This guy's amazing and remember we got done with with the day and ended and he messaged just like a couple
 We said here three slaters like hey, you went up on a call and go over the stuff again, right?
 What do you mean? He's like well?
 Do you want to like go over this stuff we talked about and figure out ways to start implementing right?
 Don't know you understand you don't know how we work like we're implementing everything you said like we literally and we start
 Going through this video this video this video this big thing off stuff in the guy's like oh my gosh
 He's like I've never had somebody who just did what I told him to do like that before
 Yeah, like we're very very coachable like we listen and then we do what you say
 And so that's kind of key so I want to show you because that guys back to my water fast that I'm dealing with right now
 so day with number one's almost done and
 The reason why I do the water fast actually there's there's two things
 my dad was an insurance agent for state farm insurance and remember that he would you know obviously sell like auto insurance and and
 Health insurance and not all the different you know house insurance and things like that
 But the one that was the hardest to sell was life insurance and we were asking like why is it so hard to sell life insurance?
 They said because it's
 It's a preventative not a cure right like like
 You know after you get sick you want life insurance right after you get sick, but it's hard ahead time like oh, I'm never gonna be sick
 I'm gonna be fine
 There's just like aspirin like no one wants to pre buy aspirin
 But if you had a headache like you will give your right arm for some aspirin right?
 It's the prevention versus a cure like people don't want to do the prevention you see it right now like it's insane in our society
 right like
 People are getting sick and all the problems and everyone will go and they want you know a magic cure for this thing
 But nobody will go back to the root cause like hey, we're actually super unhealthy. We should change our diet
 and our exercise like the fact that nobody on the news or on TV is a mention that over the last 12 months is insane like
 Anyway, I'll get off that soapbox for me, but but most people will not go for
 printed preventative it is that we're preventative you know I'm saying they just they'll wait for a cure though
 And I'm not that way like I want to like what's the preventative ahead of time and so one of my friends
 he joined my inner circle for years goes names Chris work and
 He if you if you've heard of Chris before he was Chris beats cancer calm
 or Chris beat cancer calm and
 He is someone who came down he had I think stage three cancer and he'd have cured himself from it
 Naturally without an chemotherapy and all those things and then he's gone on and helped you know hundreds of other people on this journey as well
 And he's just an amazing person. He spoke a fun-liking live
 one or two years ago and just
 So much respect for him, but he came out the book and so I don't have cancer and but I was like the book came out
 I was like I'm gonna I'm gonna read this book and so I
 Bought the book and I listened to it right and then he had a course about the course
 I went to the course and like I'm going through all this stuff because I'm like man
 I like I don't want cancer like I can go wait until I got cancer and they got I gotta figure this stuff out
 I like freak out or I could be like hey, I don't want cancer. Let me
 Preventively figure out who's the dude or the lady who's already solved this problem?
 Who's got the framework that fixes this problem and let me figure it out and what's crazy like and
 Again, I'm not an expert on this at all so don't you know don't take my opinion
 But you should if you love someone who has cancer you should go to crispy cancer calm if you have cancer
 You should if you don't want to have cancer once again, you should still go there. I guess you'd be insane not to so
 anyway, oh
 I think we're left off anyway
 That's kind of so I I was like I don't want to have cancer
 So I started going through all the stuff and start listening to it learning from it
 It's like this is amazing. Oh, yeah, I was gonna tell you like what he says that only five percent of cancers are hereditary
 95% are based on on things like your environment your diet like your stress levels like things that it's crazy
 So it's like if we know these things why are we talking about these things like why isn't on TV every single day?
 Why does this not you but it's not like you talked about the first time you went in for I think it's him
 And maybe someone else the first time went in for a cancer thing, you know the doctor like
 looks at everything and then you know
 After got out of got out of the thing like gave them hospital food and just like junk food
 They garbage food and it's like like we know what causes these things like why don't we why don't we folks in that?
 But that stuff's not sexy. There's no money in that right?
 There's no money like hey, you should eat healthier. You should exercise you should change your diet
 You should change your environment, right?
 And so it doesn't get it doesn't get the attention it needs but anyway, so for me
 I'm someone who wants to look for a preventative. It's rare like I'd say point 0% of 0 1% of people in the world
 Search for preventative. They're always just looking for cures, right?
 They wait until something bad happens look for cure. I'm trying to like figure out
 How do I protect myself today so that I don't have to worry about that?
 Maybe I will still have to who knows but if I can protect myself I can fortify myself against that problem
 Like I'm gonna do it. So Chris became my coach. I'm like, he's the dude. I'm gonna go through it and
 You know, I obey all giants with with helicopters and stage presence so for this situation
 I obey Chris work as he saw he's cured himself of cancer he's cured hundreds of other people like okay
 I obey all dudes who have cured himself of cancer when they told me how to like prevent myself from having cancer
 So I just listen what he said did it and and I'm going through it
 So part of it is this five-day water fast and it's interesting he talked about how
 how your cells in your body how
 How you know, there's there's cells that are weak there's cells that are dead there's cells that are cancer
 It's like all these sorts of stuff like that instead if you you know in your immune system the same way
 There's like these these weaker cells and probably I'm probably messing up Chris is listening to this
 He's probably rolling his eyes, but you should go buy all his stuff because he'll explain way better than me
 But basically what happens is when you do a water fast
 It's your body literally starts eating itself. It's like I need food anything
 This will start eating your cells, right? We know that like that's how you lose weight, right?
 Your body starts eating the fat cells or whatever in this case what the cells that died they go the first are the weakest ones
 Right. I think one analogy someone shared with me
 I might have been him was like if you're out in a forest, you know
 And there's all these pine needles and pine cones all this stuff
 They do controlled burns like the light those things on fire
 So it burns all that stuff doesn't catch the tree on some fire
 But kills all the dead stuff underneath that way you don't have problems in the future
 It's the same thing here where you do these water fast and your body literally will eat all of these cancer cells and
 And disease and all sorts of stuff and so I started learning that I got excited JLD if you guys know
 John Lee Dumas from entree on fire
 He told me about another book that I read about water fasting and stuff like that
 And so I'm like I'm all in let's do this thing
 And so I started dating him one of water fasting because I want to kill off these these dead cells want to protect myself
 I want to make myself strong want to heal myself and so I'm excited and if someone who's like insanely healthy and
 Great shape and not having any issues, but man
 I don't want to have issues and so that's why I'm doing these things now
 I think Chris said that he does his water fast like once a quarter
 So I'm probably gonna try to figure out some way to incorporate that more often on top of a lot of the the shifts in my diet
 I've made because of listening to Chris and other geniuses. So anyway, I'm telling you this because number one
 I want to tell you that practice what I preach. I am as coachable as as they come. I try my best
 I try to listen to what they say my coaches say
 Even if I don't have the problem if I want to protect myself from the future problem
 I listen and so for you in all aspects of your life
 Like be coachable be coachable in business be coachable in sports be coachable in health be coat like fine coaches
 We'll ask ask you know hire them pay them that I find someone who has already accomplished the thing that you want
 Right and then pay them ask them for advice get their framework and then go and just do it and don't question it
 Don't try to be smarter. Just like all right. I may have heard this in the past this
 I don't care right at this point in time. I'm giving you my money
 Therefore, I will do anything you say and I'm not gonna fight you're not gonna talk you back
 I'm just gonna do the thing you say and then don't do what most people do like okay cool and listen and not do anything
 I just do it
 They just would I say instantly execute on it don't wait a day a week a month or you're like now is the time
 You gave them the money now it's time to make the changes so hopefully helps you guys
 It is literally like the most important skill set you could learn as being coachable
 So hard you just have to do what the person says you're gonna do right is keeping commitments is making key commitments
 And I think as a society we have problems that we can't make or we can't if people will make commitments
 We don't keep commitments and like you're gonna be successful
 I've got to make commitments and you got to keep them and the same thing is you got to go out there and find the people find people
 That have what you want right give them money
 That's a commitment you're making to them and then follow the follow the process to a team
 So hope it helps and that my son's friend's house. I'm gonna pick him up right now
 And I hope you guys have a great night. Thanks again for listening if you enjoyed this episode any episode
 Please take a screenshot on your phone tag me and post it on social and tag me and then I if you if
 You love your life and you want to extend your life. I would highly recommend
 Going to Amazon worst case scenario by Chris works books on on cancer like they are amazing
 and
 Best case go by his courses. They they dive in because he's an amazing person who's who's figured out
 And then if there's only five percent of cancers hereditary 95% we can be can be protected from by just shifting some basic things
 And it's not like and water fast is one of like a million things. It's got time of things that they're all they're not hard
 They're they're pretty cool and they're awesome and
 Anyway, it's worth it to you to your family the ones you love so check out Chris work as well
 And with that said appreciate you all and I will talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over you text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting communities where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
