 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I want to share with you a message about the fact that I finally I think understand how some of you guys feel
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so I'm excited heading into office today for a lot of fun
 We're gonna be working on getting mother fun alive finally and a bunch of other amazing stuff. So I'm really excited
 But I had I had a piffany this morning and I need to share with you guys
 Because I think I finally understand how some people feel so I've been publishing for a long long long long long long long
 Time right I started my internet marketing business
 Probably 15 some odd years ago now and in that time
 I have published a bajillion podcasts and videos and tells them ours and webinars and summits and events and all sorts of stuff
 Right and so for me I like I think I lost my empathy for people who struggle when it's like publishing stuff
 I'm like just do it just go out there just do it just push record and talk and
 Blah blah blah right like cuz that's what I've been but I do and I forgot like I
 Forgot what it's like to go through the vulnerability and the fear and the stress and all the things that come with
 Putting your message out there and what's been fun as some you guys know
 Recently I launched another podcast and it's something different. I've ever done before
 It's not related to marketing or sales or business or anything at that. It's related to my religion and to my faith and to my beliefs and
 It's funny cuz I was like oh, this is gonna be
 This is gonna be really fun and really easy. I'm just gonna go and just start
 Just click record and start talking right and when I and I I started to do it and it was way different
 So the podcast is those who don't know it would say book of Mormon challenge.com and so
 I recorded the first two episodes and probably nine or so months ago
 And then they sat there cuz I was too like nervous to put him out there and I like anyway and then the third one
 Was easier that we came out fast and the fourth one which I recorded yesterday. I literally spent
 And a long time I spent two
 Almost three weeks like preparing for it and getting nervous around the outline rewriting it writing the stories out
 And then rewriting and like and I was like man, why am I so nervous about this like I was so nervous
 It took me almost three weeks to publish it and then last night finally
 I was like I was Sunday so I'd get spiritual experience all day and I was like okay
 I'm in the I'm in the zone I'm gonna do it to spend another two or three hours like working on the podcast outline and interview and getting
 All the things put together and then I started recording at about 11 15 at night. I started recording it and
 and I
 Was 47 minutes into the recording and I was just like I don't like this. I hate every word
 I've said I don't like how I said it
 I don't like all these things and so I stopped it and I deleted it and I was like oh
 I was 47 minutes was now is now after midnight. I'm like all tired and like but I
 Need to redo it because I feel like now I understand the stories better
 I did so I click record again
 I spent another hour over an hour recording the next podcast episode
 And then I sent it to my brother to go and edit and get it all ready to go to the live and then like all morning long
 I'm and second guessing like oh, maybe I should do it again
 I told that story wrong I didn't really have you know the
 I don't like all these things right like all at the ending when I did this I don't like I did it and like and
 Then also this morning I was like I bet you this is how other people feel
 like maybe the reason I'm doing this exercise amongst other reasons was to get empathy for the people I'm working with when you're nervous you're scared about publishing and
 It's just interesting. So I wanted to to share this because first off
 I feel like I have empathy now for a lot of you guys for the first time in like a decade
 So hopefully that's good, right?
 I get it now
 I get the fear and the nervousness that goes behind
 Putting yourself out there, especially with something you love and you believe about and you care about and you want
 other people to
 To listen and to be put and to and you really honestly want to serve people right?
 my I totally
 Completely understand that especially especially now. So I guess my message for you guys today is
 It's kind of twofold is number one. I have empathy for you. I understand the fear of putting yourself out there and number two
 I'm I'm publishing that episode today, even though I wanted to like I'm gonna add it and tweak and change and no
 I'm just gonna put it out there
 Because good enough is good enough, right?
 I'm a lot of us never get started because we're so nervous about it not being good enough and
 The problem with that is then we never get started and the goal of what we do as
 Authors and speakers as coaches as experts as whatever you want to call yourself
 somebody's trying to change the world in your own little way is to get things out there and
 One thing I know for sure is that I'm not posting it not putting it out there. It's not gonna change anything
 It was like that the one thing I'm positive of
 By putting it out there. It has the ability at least to affect somebody. Maybe it wasn't as good or thought out or as
 you know, whatever whatever might be but
 It's important to get out there because that's the only way you can actually touch and affect and help and serve somebody else
 And that's the whole reason behind what we do and why we do what we do, right?
 And so hopefully this gives you encouragement to know that even Russell gets scared sometimes and even Russell's second guesses themselves and gets nervous
 But when it all comes down to it, you just got to put it out there
 so
 Hopefully that gives some inspiration to somebody out there who's who's nervous today and
 Hopefully it gives you permission to do it. So there you go
 You know how permission to do it just go and do it
 Just click record on the podcast or on the video or on the blog click post or whatever the thing is that you're doing to publish your message
 Just go out there and just push it just push the button there
 How imperfect it seems no matter how many flaws you see know how many things you know you could have done it better
 No matter whatever that is it's just time to put it out there and just let the world have what you got and you have full
 The other full ability to re-record it in the future. I'm on podcast episode now probably I don't know five or six hundred
 I have no idea and I probably share the same message multiple times over the last five or six years as I've done this
 and hopefully something gets better and
 It's okay to republish the same thing later
 With your new lens of understanding and and and what you gained in the in the process of growing and learning so
 There you go you guys today's the day go quick publish they can go live even if you're scared to death
 You hate even if whatever just push it live and I promise you the worst case scenarios that change someone's life
 Best case scenario it has a huge impact and I guess I said worst case scenario
 Nobody sees it best case scenario changes from his life
 So that's worth it makes it worth pushing publishing go so there you go guys push book push go
 Alright guys. Thanks so much everything. It's gonna be an amazing day. Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm secrets
 And you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
