 [MUSIC]
 >> You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today, I'm streaming to you from inside of one of my many libraries,
 a whole bunch of books on the back shelf.
 I know if you're listening to the podcast episode, you can't actually see it.
 I want you to imagine this room and it's wrapped in books from the greatest minds of our time.
 People like Napoleon Hill, W. Cleven Stone, Andrew Carnegie, Dale Carnegie,
 Orson Sweetmarne, all the people who came before us who started this thing called the New Thought Movement.
 Where people realize you could think and you could change your life.
 This book is surrounded in not just books from them, but the first editions.
 Old books, the very first ones they ever printed off the preempress back in the late 1800s, early 1900s.
 In fact, this room smells like old books, which is one of the greatest
 smells in the world, I think.
 So maybe I'm weird.
 I'm definitely weird.
 But I'm here today because I want to talk to you guys about your library.
 So some of you guys know that this is one of multiple libraries I have.
 I'm kind of, all right, I'll say it.
 I'm obsessed.
 I've got problems.
 I love books.
 I love everything about them.
 I love the fact that the person who wrote that book sat down and took a decade of their life.
 And they sat behind a typewriter or a keyboard and they wrote out all the things they'd experienced,
 the thoughts they had, the visions, the dreams, the things they had.
 And they wrote them and then they left them behind from me and you, right?
 Most of the people, at least the mystery right here, are no longer on this earth, right?
 They passed away.
 They're gone.
 But they left their legacy, their thoughts, their ideas, their emotions, their epiphanies,
 the hos, like everything they discovered during their time here on this planet, they left behind
 for us.
 I can grab a book.
 I can read through it.
 And in minutes, I can take a decade or two or four decades of their life and distill down
 the most of the things that they felt were the most vital, the most important, the things
 that were the most essential for them to share with the world as they left, right?
 I don't know about you, but I think a lot about that.
 It's the reason why I love books, reason why I'm writing books in all the different topics
 I care about.
 It's interesting, like I started working on my very first wrestling book because I spent
 a decade and a half of my life wrestling.
 Every day, I think about studying it, learning it, perfecting it.
 And what a waste if I don't leave something behind so the next generation can read and
 say, "Oh, wow, that thing, the rustle, that big epiphany rustle is giving from God, he
 actually now is giving it to me and I'm getting a shortcut of the success," right?
 It's not so I love books.
 I'm obsessed with them.
 But that's not why I'm here today.
 I actually want to talk to you guys today because I want you to understand that you can
 learn a lot about somebody by the books that are on their bookshelf.
 Okay?
 The very first time I learned this, a lot of you guys know I served the mission for my
 church.
 I was in New Jersey knocking on doors for two years.
 I had the greatest experience, the most fascinating fun people.
 But I remember going into one person's house and I was with my companion and we taught a
 lesson and we left the house.
 I still remember this day, he said, "Wow, those people are fascinating."
 I didn't really, I was like, they seemed like normal people.
 He's like, "Did you see the bookshop on the bookshelf?
 You can tell everything about somebody by the books they have on their bookshelf."
 And I was like, "What do you mean?"
 He's like, "Oh, well they had," and again, I don't remember what they were, but he's
 like, "He had six books by this author and this person, and he had seen the bookshelf."
 And from that, he knew all of the things that that person actually valued.
 And he told me, "The next time the next house we go into is like, look at the bookshelf
 and you'll learn everything about someone, everything that's important to that person,
 you'll know because of the books that are on their bookshelf."
 And I thought that was interesting.
 So next house we went into, we did our lesson, I ever looked over the bookshelf and I saw
 and I recognized that at this person's house there were a whole bunch of books on health
 and fitness and losing weight and diet and exercise and stuff and the people were very
 hit, fit and healthy and I was like, "Oh my gosh, you can see that the thing they value
 the most is their health."
 And that's why their bookshelf is covered in that, right?
 When somebody else is in the house and I know something different, like in every single
 house we went into, I noticed that whatever was on their bookshelf were the things that
 they valued the most.
 And so in an instinct, in a heartbeat, I could see exactly what it was that was most valuable
 that person.
 And I started thinking about that, like, "Why is that?
 Why is there a bookshelf such a mirror into your actual soul?"
 And the reason why is because first off, the thing you value most, people around you
 are going to be like, "Oh my gosh, Russell loves wrestling.
 Russell loves personal elements."
 So they start sending you gifts for Christmas or for your birthday or whatever.
 They're like, "What should I get somebody?"
 "Oh, I'm going to give a book about this because they like this topic."
 So even if you never read the book, the people around you who know you, who love you, who
 see the thing you value the most, they're going to find a book for you and they're going
 to send it to you, right?
 And that book ends up on your bookshelf.
 So once again, even if you never read it, that bookshelf is telling the thing you value
 the most, the people around you who love you, who give you gifts, are going to be sending
 to you because they know that that's something you value.
 That's the number one hit.
 Number two is typically buy books on the topics we care about, right?
 If I want to learn more about personal element or weight loss or dieting or juicing or sprouting
 or whatever the thing is you want to learn about, you're going to go buy a book on it,
 right?
 And so the things you care about, things you're thinking about, things you value the most
 are manifested on your bookshelf, which is fascinating.
 So this is my assignment for you guys.
 The next time you go into somebody's house, I don't want you just to walk in there and
 go to the bathroom and sneak through their medicine cabinet, like, not that I do that,
 I'm sure, you know, I'm sure maybe you do.
 But next time is go walk to the bookshelf and look at it.
 And in a heartbeat, you'll know what things are most valuable and most important to those
 people.
 It's been interesting because I'm also on the other side right now where I'm buying lots
 of books, like tens of thousands of books because I should probably maybe heard me talk
 about four.
 I'm in the process of building a 20,000 square foot.
 I say library is closer to a museum, right?
 Of first edition, old books, old things.
 And as I'm doing this and I'm buying books from people, like sometimes I'm buying ones
 that use these off people, but a lot of them have been going in and I'm finding a collector
 who's been collecting something for a decade or two decades and I'm buying their entire
 collection, right?
 And it's interesting because some people, like when they sell these, like, they want
 the money, but you see it, like, I see in their eyes when they give like, "Oh, this is
 the thing I value most.
 I'm giving it to somebody else for money."
 And like, I always see this, like, there's like this, I can't explain it, but I can show
 it to you to look in their eye whether it's like, "Dang it."
 Like, do I value money more than this thing?
 It's always this hard, hard thing.
 But I've also seen the opposite side where because of the genres I buy and I get by personal
 development, fitness, health, physical cultures, what they just call it back in the day, physical
 culture, religion, business market.
 These are the genres that I buy books in, right?
 And it's the religion one's the most fascinating to me because I will see people who, for a
 lifetime or half a lifetime, have faith and belief in the topic.
 And then they go through some faith transition.
 And it's fascinating because one of the first things they do when they go through faith transition
 is, can you guess what it is?
 They go to the books on the bookshelf and they get rid of them.
 I've gotten some amazing, expensive, awesome books from people who no longer believe in
 the topic, they no longer value it, and they will just give them to me or sell them to
 me at very, very discounted rates because they no longer value it.
 And so you see from that side as well when somebody's values shift or they change, typically
 one of them not the very first thing to go are the books on the bookshelf.
 So I want to understand that because the things you value the most, there's a map, there's
 a visual of what those things are and it's looking at your bookshelf.
 So like I said, next time you go into one of your friends, houses instead of stooping
 through the medicine cabinet, go look at the bookshelf and you need a heartbeat, you'll
 know everything that's most valuable to them.
 And the second thing I want you to do is look at your own bookshelf and what is it saying
 about you?
 Do you have a bookshelf?
 If you don't, it might be time to get one or two or build a library or a dozen of them
 or whatever you want to do, but just understand that books are a vision of the things that
 you value the most.
 It's a vision of the things that the people that you're meeting and talking to care about
 the most.
 And so start looking at people's bookshelf and you'll want everything you know about that
 person.
 Hope this helps you.
 Thanks so much for watching this episode of the Marketing Research Podcast.
 I appreciate you guys all and I will talk to you soon.
 Everybody.
 Everybody.
 [Music]
