 What's up everybody this is Russell. I want to welcome you back to the marketing seekers podcast this episode
 I'm gonna be talking about some of the rules you set up before you say yes to any project
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so for
 Today's podcast again, this is another cool thing that we got from the flint mastermind group
 So one of my friends his name is Gary Pearson. He runs a bunch of cool companies
 And we're actually launching company soon together, which I'm really excited for
 I won't ruin the surprise for you, but it is amazing and you're gonna go crazy and
 Should I tell you more
 After you see the webinar you will want to create software program inside of your company. That's what I'm giving you. Okay, with that said so
 Gary came and he kind of showed the the the business we're building together kind of presented to all the affiliates because
 Again, I think that every affiliate I think every business should have software component to it
 I think you're kind of crazy if you don't of all the businesses I've been and I've been in supplements info products
 He commerce like everything like by farm my favorite business ever is software, which is probably why I love software as you can tell
 But one thing that Garrett talked about is they have a list of rules that they
 Before they see a project because he said he's like I have a new idea for a new software product every hour
 And he's like if we didn't have a filter and firstly he got started as a business
 He didn't he just would create everything and he said we created this filter
 And so I asked him if you'd share that filter with everyone during the mastermind event
 so I'm gonna have him share that filter I'm gonna show you guys that clip right now and his filter may be different than your filter but
 listen to this because
 You need to create your own filter and I struggle with it as well. So many cool opportunities come by and I'm just like yes
 Yes, yes, I gotta say yes
 And it's like no you have to create a filter otherwise it'll consume your whole business in your whole life
 And something I'm working on and so it was a good reminder for me
 And so I want to hear you as here Garrett's his filter. He runs things through before
 He jumps in and says yes to a project. So let me show you that clip right now
 We had to come up with a way to to stop us from
 Doing too much because you have to focus like Russell said you have to focus
 So here's how we we stay grounded and we don't we don't do a software if it doesn't pass all of these things
 Okay, so is it sexy does your product fill a need or want in a desirable attractive way?
 I mean, it's pretty obvious, right? You've got to find something that people want
 More importantly in
 The software world is is it sticky?
 Okay, so in the software world if you want recurring billing you want recurring revenue
 You need somebody that's gonna pay you over and over and over again month after month, okay or year after year
 So is it sticky is it going to be difficult or painful for a client to stop using our software?
 So click funnels is a good example. I
 Don't know what Russell's churn rate is and that's people that stop using it
 But what the amount of users he has it, you know, that's just part of doing business in the software world
 But it's super sticky because if you've got 10 funnels
 You're not gonna leave, right?
 Even if you exactly
 You're not gonna leave right and so our our shopper approved software
 It's a rating and review software free e-commerce companies. They start using us. They they get even 50 reviews
 They're gonna stay with us forever and keep paying us and paying us paying us. Okay, so is it sticky? That's really really important. So for example with
 with allicens
 It's it's definitely sexy, right?
 It's definitely sticky because you're gonna keep using it over and over again
 Hopefully and so that people are gonna keep paying or month after month
 Can you charge recurring billing? We don't do anything unless we can charge recurring billing and so
 it's very very important because
 The recurring billing is where software is as we've already talked about today where why it's the ninth one or the world
 Can you sell it via call center now? This is for us
 these these can be different for you guys
 we love to sell our products in a call center and
 and so
 For us if we can't sell it in a call center now for example where something wouldn't work for us if it's 47 bucks a month
 Because we can't sell that in a call center because our guys won't make enough money, right? Our sales our sales team won't make enough money
 So if we can't sell it in a call center, then we don't generally do it
 Can you promote it to your existing customers target market now? This is for us because we already have
 Software in different in certain niches, right?
 So we try and build stuff that we can sell to our existing customers or that market
 So we don't if now this this software funnels is an exception
 But sometimes you got to make exceptions, right?
 Is it programming programming excessive if it takes us more than
 Six to eight months to develop with one or two programmers generally we won't do it
 Okay
 Is it customer service friendly?
 It's got to be
 customer service friendly or
 It's going to be a nightmare to
 To work with over time, right?
 So those are the things that we go through and if it doesn't pass those we don't do it
 All right, so to recap what Garrett said is it sexy is it sticky?
 Can you charge recurring? Can you sell it through a call center? Can you promote it to existing customers? Is it a?
 Is the programming excessive and support friendly like for them?
 Those are the filters they need to have now you don't have to have the same filters for you
 So me as don't want a call center. Maybe that's the opposite field like you cannot be sold in the call centers
 Got to be sold online, but you got to pick like your rules
 Like these are the rules of what I'm willing to do and not willing to do
 otherwise
 As I found in my life, and I still struggle with it. So like I said if you're not careful
 You committed to too much stuff. I'm if you suffer from over commitment
 That's the problem and I would definitely say that I fall in this trap. That's been interesting
 And in the last two weeks two people have been
 Placed into my life
 That's been interesting one from someone I haven't seen in 16 or 17 years a spiritual leader who I have so much respect for
 Quite a hurt from this they can six or seven years I hear from him and then like a couple weeks later
 He's in my office sitting there talking to me and then he's gone and then just today happened again
 Against some other respect a ton and both of them basically almost word for words have the same thing like
 Russell you got to slow down you need to be in this for the long haul
 and I was like I
 Think God is telling me something consistently and I'm hearing it loud and clear and I'm trying to figure out for myself like okay
 I gotta create my filters. I gotta create these rules for myself because
 As you guys probably see I'm running fashion. I'm doing a lot of stuff, which is good
 It's fun. I love it
 But same time I can find my care if I'm gonna burn out and I need to be in this long haul for
 Myself to get me happy long term in my life for my customers my partners for our employees for for everyone
 So just a good reminder for me and hopefully for you as well. Thanks again for listening to marketing secrets podcast
 Hope you appreciate it if you do if you learn anything, please share this with your friends
 Please come into iTunes come comment. Let us know and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.fuddlehacker.tv
 [awkward silence]
