 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 I just got back from an amazing week with my family on Lake Powell no cell phones no TV
 No anything other than a boat a surfboard my brain some books and my family
 So I got some ideas some things on share to you and I hope you are feeling great today
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so just got back to the office after being gone for man almost two weeks between the drive times and all the things
 But we went down to Lake Powell and had amazing times our family we started
 learning or not learning a couple years ago we started going to Lake Powell which is Southern Utah's amazing lake and
 We run a houseboat with some friends we go with and then we get down there and we surf we wake surf for a week
 Three or four times a day, and it's it's really fun. Some of the interesting things about it is we're out there
 We have no internet no cell phone no TV. No anything. We're just there with our family, which is such a cool thing
 Our family and then our brains and our you know for me
 I bring some books and all kind of stuff. It's just such a cool time to
 Just connect but for me. I'm sure I'm like a lot of you guys vacations are hard. They're
 Stressful sometimes they're like, oh, this is so hard to break away go on vacation, but same time. It's it's so good
 But it was interesting one of the things that was on my mind a lot
 And I want to share with you guys and this I don't know if I'm the same if I'm if all you guys are this way or not
 Which is totally cool if you're not but
 I've been toy geeking out recently on personality profiles and tests probably because we're launching a new personality
 Company, which in fact, it's actually live now if you want to go to understand me you can go and you can register and sign up for
 Free account and then you can go take this test and 16 personalities and
 The love languages and all different tests and then you you put in your information and it pops out of page
 So I think if you go to understand.me
 Slash Russell Brunson to see all my personality profiles case you're wondering who I am
 But you go and create it for free and set it up and then what I'm gonna do
 And I think all you guys should do is go link in like your Instagram profile and Facebook profile everywhere to your page
 That way people can see who you are in your personality, which is kind of fun. So anyway, I digress
 I'm telling you this because like I said, I'm just so excited having so much fun with
 Personality profiling all kind of stuff
 And one of the things I found about myself in the disk test. There's a section called the motivators
 Which is to pay like 50 bucks or something to get the motivators, but it's worth it
 And so I got my motivators and so in there shows you the different things to motivate you and my number one motivator
 Which is interesting is ROI
 And I thought it was confusing because the first time like ROI like I don't if you know anything about me like in business
 Like I'm very good at marketing and sales. I'm not a numbers person
 I don't look at my balance sheets
 I don't look it not like all I kind of stuff like I have people do those things to report back in
 layman's term what they mean so I can I can make choices and things like that
 So first I was like doesn't make any sense and then my coach Mandy. This is a mannequin. She's our inner circle coach
 She also coaches me. She says something interesting. She said that
 ROI is not like, you know, what's ROI of your balance sheets that what's the return on them return your investment of every situation
 So for me, it's like I'm in a conversation with somebody. What's the ROI like? What's the return on this on this?
 Time I'm putting into this right if I'm reading a book or if I'm watching TV or if I'm in school if I'm learning something if I'm
 At the office like every situation
 If I don't see what the ROI is in the situation, I really really struggle which is I think the reason why I struggle the school so much
 I just can never understand the purpose which most of us probably deal with that especially the entrepreneurial type types
 We were just like this doesn't make any sense. Why are we doing this? You know?
 anyway, so
 I want to show it because for me that's my biggest motivator is
 ROI and so I started looking at this whole trip and everything I was doing and
 Sometimes there are points where I'd be annoyed by something and I know why I just frustrated and looking at it through
 That lens like oh, it's because I don't see what the ROI is in the situation and I'd be annoyed and so this time
 I tried to be more
 Aware of that which was really interesting like for example
 You know we had a five-hour drive from Boise down to Utah to stay at my parents house
 Which is the halfway and you know in my perfect world
 I'd be listening audiobooks for five hours and learning a bunch of stuff
 But when I've got my wife and kids and all the chaos and all that kind of stuff if I listen to audiobooks
 I feel like I feel like a jerk
 So I'm like my wife's dealing with managing you know
 All these crazy kids in the car and I just kind of checked out
 To hang out in my you know this other land where I'm listening to books and learning and stuff and so I always feel
 I don't feel good typically doing that so let you know usually listen music and we'll hang out and we'll talk
 Which is great, but I think in the past I always like being frustrated like oh like I could be learning I could have that five
 I could give five hours five or drive I could listen books on 2x speed
 That's ten hours of reading I could have got done you know and think in my head I'd be annoyed because I'm like
 Oh, like what was the ROI of the situation?
 But this time I was conscious of it
 So I was like okay ROI's got five hours of my wife and my kids
 And so I was like how to make this fun and by
 Figuring out what the ROI was gonna be as I ended activity instead of just you know subconsciously being annoyed
 It was really cool because I
 Enjoyed the drive it was it was really fun and and who knew my wife is really really fun to hang out with
 I'm just gonna do that
 But you know it just it was it was a really it just changed the the experience for me
 Which was cool on the boat with the same thing you know
 I don't have internet or cell phone stuff and so I'm like you have to I'm like I could be email like
 We do these things I could be doing so much stuff and stuff like it was ROI of the situation with my kids with this specific kid with this
 Thing and it just made those those moments a lot better for me
 I'm sorry we just the thing that it throws you guys who were motivated by ROI of a situation
 It's just you become conscious of it and you can look for the ROI and also you're like
 Oh, this may not be ROI that my brain defaults to but as a whole it's it's really really exciting, right?
 So I want to share that but then more so I want to share because I brought I don't know
 I'm I'm weird my wife always teases me, but I have a huge backpack with like ten books
 I probably need to the lake should I care if I can read these books?
 Well, yes, I am and I did I actually read like four books, which is really fun, but it was I want to share this with you guys because I
 Think too much in our industry especially I get one's like you got to read more books read more books and so everyone's reading books
 But they're just reading to read there's no like
 Purpose right they're just like oh I'm trying to learn something I'm trying to read and so they read and they keep spinning their wills
 But they've they've deflected in the right thing because they're reading therefore they they you know
 I mean like and I don't think it's necessarily always positive
 And so I want to share like the way that I read
 Specifically what books I brought on this trip and why and the purpose behind it because again
 I'm very ROI driven. It's like what's our why I'm you reading?
 I'm not just gonna read a book to read a book that's got to be a purpose and so for me
 Some of you guys know I'm working on my fourth book. Oh so exciting
 I'm really excited for this one
 I put in more time and effort in this one and I well, that's not necessarily true
 Doc on the Seekers was probably the most effort I put into a book because it was a decade in my life to learn the things
 And then I wrote it, you know
 But this one's kind of similar like I think I've been to two and a half years working on this project and I've deleted the book twice
 As of today, I have no word written other than the title which is secrets of success
 How should Robin told me he didn't like that title?
 Which makes me sad because I'm gonna be called that way anyway someday. He's gonna he's gonna tell me he actually likes a title
 Anyway, it's actually funny Jeff Walker hated a name.com secret. So that's the worst name of a book ever go. Thanks
 anyway, I digress so
 I'm writing the book and and I have this like working hypothesis in my head
 I've got these frameworks that structure have these things I think are true
 And so when I was reading I'm like, okay
 Based on this book that I'm trying to write these are the different things like
 I'm a backpack here. I'll pull out so the things I'm trying to to things I understand at a level
 I'm trying to get deeper understanding that's what a lot of
 These books are for so
 There's a book called the power your subconscious mind by dr. Joseph Murphy
 Which by the way isn't saying the good but I'm trying to figure out subconscious mind and how it fits into like this
 This vision of my head of how things work. So I like I brought that book and I got halfway through that one
 What else I get fits soul, it's then greenfield and greenfield is the man he's one of my favorite people right now, but
 He wrote this whole thing in fits soul
 Which is he talked about the hero's journey through the lens of Jesus Christ, which was really really fascinating
 And I'm doing a lot of heroes journey stuff in this new book
 And so I wanted to read that chapter things chapter nine
 It is one of the best things I've ever written and Ben greenfield's definitely christian. He's not I'm Mormon. He's not Mormon
 And so it's interesting though because his view on on Christ and then the the atonement in sacrifice for us
 Through the lens of the hero's journey like there's some things I could like argue doctrine like I believe it's a little differently than that
 Whatever, but as a whole it was one of the greatest things I've ever had ever
 I've listened to he did a podcast sub-sodory read that chapter
 I've listened to like kind of times and I've got the books to read it to really dissect it again, which was cool
 I brought the writer's journey, which is christopher voglers book on the teaching the story structure of hero's journey
 It's similar to the hero thousand faces
 Which is uh joseph cambells book the star wars is based off of and everything
 uh joseph cambells book is hard to read though much much more hard so writer's journey is christopher vogler who worked at disney
 He's it's kind of his adaptation of the hero's journey and simplified and um anyway
 So I wanted to go deeper and kind of rego through this structure of stories
 And so I got the writer's journey from christopher vogler. I brought out winning the devil because come on now
 It's seriously like my favorite book of all time. So read brought out again
 Specifically because i'm going deep into um what I believe are the two types of people like drifters
 People who are drifters and people who are driven so I got that um the alignment effect by tylor watson
 He's my inner circle members who's super cool and he does all this
 changed stuff
 Not talking about the mind or subconscious mind or anything his is all based on
 On your body and the cells and cell memory and things like that
 And I was like I want to understand like what in the world he's doing and how he's doing it
 And I learned some really cool stuff about um
 Uh like in the new book. I was already writing a lot about addictions
 We talked about addictions and allergies and these are two things that your body starts either you become physically addicted to something or have allergies that push you away from something
 and um
 And how at least things are stored in your cells in your body. I'm like I think i'm super fast and read that
 Try to figure out how he's talking about fits into
 The my understanding and my belief of how all these principles right. I also brought um the pointy hills book that
 um
 It's actually a book series he wrote in 1919 inside of magazine that nobody
 I don't think anyone has access to yet. I found an original copy of it, which is crazy. So i'm reading it
 um
 He used to sell for $50 back in like 18 or 19
 20 1930 or something like that which I think they quilvented today they're three thousand dollars for this book
 And so I got a copy of it. So i'm reading that as well, which was super cool
 But anyway, you notice like I wasn't just grabbing books to read to read right like for me
 Be like what's the ROI of this situation like why am I reading these books? It seems stupid for me
 It's like hey, here's this framework that I I've created that I
 Understand at a level and i'm trying to get deeper understanding it every single piece of it, right? So who has written things?
 Similar or who's written things different who's written things pro it who's written things against it
 um
 I think a lot of times we like to just read things that that strengthen our own beliefs, which is good
 but also sometimes it's good to
 To read things that the question your beliefs that are different than what you may have thought or soon
 Right my goal is not try to book that it's going to be what I think is correct
 I want to write a book of what is actually correct
 And so if I can learn something that that dissuades myself like Tyler Watson's book like this was completely new like I don't even know
 You know like this was the whole new thing and I'm like do I believe this turn off believe it?
 How does it work? I got to understand it and I read and I was like oh my gosh there's some cool things
 I learned from this and then I messaged him on the lake and I do when you're talking I need to interview you
 I got to figure out how this fits into like my understanding of the
 Success and and all these kind of things and so cool right
 In this book I'm talking about personality and personality assessments and things like that
 Excuse me and you know I've read a lot of books on personality stuff, which I love but there's also
 One of my friends been hardy wrote a book called
 Personality is impermanent and he actually hates personality tests, which is funny the first time I met him
 Literally asked him like I think what's your um, what's your Myers Briggs?
 He looked at me and he's like dude. I hate personality profile believe it's fake
 It's ruins people but it all stuff like really and then like six months later
 He came out the book. Oh personality isn't permanent and I'm like oh great
 I'm the idiot who who asked the guy who wrote a book about not person
 You know why he doesn't like personalities with his personality type was which is embarrassing and awesome at the same time
 So anyway, so I had that conversation with him
 And read his book and it's cool because he gives him different perspective and like cool
 Like I could just double down on this one thing but like I want to hear both sides
 It's like I understand a different um so I can make sure that I write a book that's going to be the most correct thing
 I could write it's never gonna be perfect. It's never gonna be the best, you know until someday when
 You know we know everything but uh, I want to do the best version I can so I'm reading with intent
 I'm reading looking for the ROI like I'm very very specific
 And so for you guys maybe you're not writing a book
 But I want to make sure that when you are reading books or studying or learning or whatever that you're doing it with intent
 Right like the getting out the max my ROI like what is the reason why you're doing this course or this event or this thing or this
 Course or this podcast like why are you doing them?
 Um and understanding that there's a purpose plan if you know the purpose and cool do it, but it's not a purpose
 Maybe you find something that you got I could have brought it doesn't other books
 It would have been really fun to read if fascinating and cool, but they wouldn't have served
 The actual purpose like what's ROI on that? I wouldn't have had anything specific like in
 I could do so anyway, that's what I want to kind of share it with you guys. So it was fun
 I had a great trip. It was good to get away. Um good to be back good to catch up on
 You know in the middle of the catch up zone trying to catch up on all the things which is um, you know
 Always a little overwhelming at first, but uh, it's also fun to get my hands back dirty
 We have so many fun projects and things coming out click fun. It's 2.0 launches. I think in 88 days
 In fact, if you go to 88 days 20 hours 30 minutes and 36 seconds from time i'm recording this
 So actually if you go to cf 2.0.com, it's spelled out so cf the number two
 Point the letter zero dot com
 Um, there's an early bird list where you can um get on the early bird list and actually you will get click fun
 It's 2.0 24 hours before the rest of the world does so go get on the early bird list
 Um
 So working on that in fact, there's like a 20 minute mini documentary about click funnels 2.0 and the creation and how and why and all the things
 It's so cool
 So anyway, go check that out cf 2.0.com again the two is the number two and oh is the number oh, but everything else is spelled out
 So weird domain, but it's awesome
 Um, go check that out check out understand.me as well go sign up your per your free personality profile take all the tests
 Plug it all in get your free page, which is exciting and I don't know a bunch of other stuff. So
 Hope you enjoyed this episode
 I'm excited to be back at some fun ideas and content stuff. I want to do some new podcasts. I want to do any others
 I wish there was more hours in the day so much. I want to do and create
 Um, but it's been fun to think about different ways to serve you guys as an audience and um
 This year of you know this year taught me when it was interesting when we in january started this year
 Um, I had written down literally the first issue of the no BS newsletter
 Um, that my word for the years momentum and then talking about it later and it's like hey my word for this year's momentum
 And we've never had a word that was a weird thing to do anyway and then in fact we both
 Did it and both have the same word like this is the year momentum like everything's picking up and you know now we're in what july
 Clickphones 2.0 launching 88 days the momentum is picking up and it's we're steamrolling we're moving forward and like
 um, some amazingness is about to happen so
 Ah so many fun things. All right. That's like I appreciate you guys. Thanks for listening. You can hang out and I'll talk to you
 Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone
 And post it to facebook instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this
 Episode and what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bs
 Letter dot com not only you can get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 There'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter dot com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
