 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing series podcast
 I want to teach your trick today to make sure that every campaign and every funnel you build always wins
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so I wanted to do this episode because I was bored this weekend not really bored
 I never bored you've also going on but Friday
 We're actually the office and then one of the guys my team Nick Sanders
 It's like hey do we have a fun project you want to do on the side that be kind of fun?
 It's like what is the fun project that we have on the side that you know that we can just do real quick
 And he's like I got some time this weekend. I loved it. It's bust something out. I'm like, okay
 We started thinking back and I remembered that eight years ago. I had this idea for a site called t-shirts SmackDown
 and the concepts like picking two competing
 Concepts or philosophies or whatever and make a t-shirt for each one let people vote with their wallets right
 So they come to the side and they're like oh I want this one to win so they buy the t-shirts
 Make sure that that one wins right and so I'm right design this the site we had designed eight years ago because
 It was that
 so funny
 Because we were it was back when Obama was running against Romney and so
 In fact the initial PSD files we found had the Obama versus Romney thing. It was kind of fun and
 Anyways, we found that
 We found that those PSD files like do this make this so he took it and he got it all working
 So I click funnels and spend this whole weekend doing that and obviously the elections are coming up right now
 So like let's do some Biden Trump shirts and so we got designers got it designing t-shirts and all sorts of stuff
 And anyway, so spend this really fun project that we went together literally like in no time
 It's crazy like it's been sitting on my hard drive for eight years now
 Like I can't be that found the PSD files look so cool. In fact if you want to see it in action
 I'm not sure when this podcast episode will drop my guess is hopefully the site will be live by then
 But it's t-shirts SmackDown.com so you can go see it there
 Anyway, so constantly we pick two different shirts to compete right so like when the movie Twilight came out
 We could have done like Edwards vert Edward versus
 Joseph or you know during the bachelor season it could be this person versus that person or whatever right and so you pick two
 Convening things you put them out there and you know the communities of the things all go and vote on it
 And so with this one right we like on a less than a month before the election everyone's really angry about both sides
 Like we should capitalize on this right as capitalists do and so we put this together
 And so Jake on our team went and got a whole bunch of really cool t-shirt designs that he's he made
 One you know some for Trump some for Biden and we threw up on the site and anyway, they've been killing themselves
 It's almost ready to go so we're excited single live
 And again all you guys should go pick your favorite go to t-shirts SmackDown.com buy what shirt you want to prove to you know vote with your wallet
 But anyway, I'm telling you this because a lot of times they're an idea for something right and you're like man
 I spend the time and energy June this I have no idea
 It's gonna take me all this time and I've noticed it's gonna work or not and make all this fear right the reason why
 I'm able to do crazy things like this done any fears because before I said yes before we started the process
 The first question that we asked was if we do this thing where we can get the traffic for it
 That was a question and and if I don't know the answer to that question the answer
 You know the then the answer is always no we're not doing this thing right like I have to know that first
 And so that was the first question like where we get traffic and I was like okay
 Well to get traffic for this means we need conservative Republican
 People and we need liberal Democrat people right and so I'm like where do we find those people my okay
 There's email lists that we can right here here and here and then there's email list
 We're right here here and here right and then there's the Facebook page that we can target
 Here's the here's the liberal here's the conservative here's the and so we act really quickly and as quick as we could found
 It's made different variations
 As we could of both sides know where you traffic so very quickly right okay boom. Here's the traffic
 I think conservative we probably said I don't know 10 to 20,000 clicks in a three to four day period time
 Which is how long will these smack down so probably into blasting and so right okay?
 Let's do it right and so now Nick and Jake and Jake and Jamie have been working on the site on their free hours after hours
 And weekends and stuff
 While they're doing that I just went and text all these people say hey can I rent an ad you list?
 Yes, can I rent an ad you list? Yes? How much do the cost?
 Can't want this date on this much and within I don't know within 12 minutes 10 minutes maybe I had
 Enough traffic lined up to get about some of between probably 10 to 15,000 clicks half on the conservative side and half on the liberal side
 And so now when the light sights live I click a button and that fast sales will start coming in
 Okay, so what's your you guys number one because I want to show off and brag about my fun little idea that we had eight years ago
 We're finally actually executing on
 But number two is for you guys start thinking about this okay?
 That's one of the biggest things people have this so much time and energy an effort on their idea and their thought and then they go
 And they make their sales message they build their funnel and then they're like where do we get traffic?
 That should have been the first question not the last I remember
 This is pre-click funnels no wasn't pre-click it was right when click funnels first came out actually so about five years
 But probably I was in London and I spoke this really cool event and afterwards like my wife and kids were still
 You know gallivanting around London while I was you know finishing my speaking thing
 So I sat in the hallway and talked for two or three hours to all the people there
 Which was really fun, you know definitely intimidating as an introvert, but it was it was still good
 Talk to everybody and they asked those questions
 I still number one person asked me this question that I've never answered before no one had ever asked me before
 But he asked the question he said man you've been doing this so long
 How do you know that something's gonna be successful before you do it now?
 You know and I started thinking and he was right like I do know like I haven't failed at this game in a long time
 I felt a lot initially like I felt
 More than you've tried I guarantee that right hundreds of times we launched funnels that did not actually work and
 I'd say in the last five or six years pretty much all of them have worked
 So the question was like well, what do you do differently? What do you know? Like what's the what's the what's the answer?
 Okay, before I give you that answer, I'm gonna cut you a really quick
 Sponsor from myself and I'll be right back to answer it here in a second
 Hey everyone, I wanted to quickly interrupt this podcast episode to let you know about something really cool
 I just started doing that want you to be part of I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay now the phone over in your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that
 Through this texting community, so I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 Okay, um if you text me out in community, come on. Let's just do it. Anyway, uh, all right
 So let me ask you a question. So the question is like how do you know that a funnel is gonna be successful before you build the funnel out?
 And the answer I told him is the first time someone had asked me the first time I had answered I told him I said
 Hey, the reason why I do this is because I find the traffic source first
 I don't go and create a product I want to create and I'm going to take you to take my best idea
 I go and find the traffic source first. I figure how much the traffic it costs was it look like?
 I figured things out and then my question asked myself is okay. Here's the traffic. Here's the market
 What does the market actually want?
 And then I start brainstorming ideas that way when the ideas done and the sales message done and the funnel is done
 I know like the traffic side just click a button and traffic shows up
 Right and so what you're thinking about that is you're building your businesses where you are any spot you are right now
 They just imagine like as soon as your thing is done. Where's the traffic going to come from?
 Where where's that place like do you have it already? You know where it is?
 If not stop everything and just go figure that out like go figure out where is the traffic and comfort before you spend all the time and the effort
 The energy trying to figure out where you're going to create
 Right and honestly when you figure out where the traffic's at and figure out how in the world can I get access to this traffic?
 What's it gonna take who don't need to get to know who's who's the person that's gonna sell me the ads?
 How much does the cost like all these things you start figuring out at a time?
 Then when you find that traffic source, you know one of the best things you do
 Like it's say it's email traffic you're gonna rely on like get on that email list and get all the emails coming in and then that way
 You see the email is like oh, I see this offer and this offer
 Here's all the offers that are being sent out to this group of people
 Now I know what this kind of person is responding to right or if you're following them on Facebook pages
 Also, you're seeing everybody's magic. Oh now I know what this type of person is looking for what kind of offers are working
 And it'll bring it'll stimulate the ideas for the offers and the products that you actually want to create
 Okay, so that's the key you guys
 That's the way you help understand is that a lot of times most of us do it backwards and send it backwards
 The first goal should be where's the traffic? Where's the traffic now?
 So I can go find it right then go and figure out your your funnel figure out your sales message
 Find the traffic first. Okay, if you haven't yet, I highly recommend reading the traffic secrets book
 I talk a lot about this in the first page for me and how I find that traffic is going through the dream 100
 In fact, it's crazy in our two comical effects coaching programs 25,000 our year coaching program
 Um people come in and I think everyone thinks I'm gonna give them some magic sauce
 I've never talked about before and module number one literally I forced them to actually build out the dream 100 list
 Be like why like I thought I was here to make money. I'm like exactly right now
 Our job is to figure out who are the people who already have your traffic
 Right where they at where like the better I understand that that person that group the more successful I'm gonna be
 Right because now I know what are all the other offers
 They're going out there. Who's controlling the traffic? How do I get to know them? Can I buy my wing?
 Can I work my wing like all the other things right and so um anyway, that's one of the shirts yesterday
 Just looking at things a little differently. Um, we were able to launch this site
 You know my guys spent the weekend plowing through getting it done
 Getting the designs getting the programming getting you know at all into click funnels and everything
 And then I spent 12 minutes texting the people who I know have the traffic and now we're ready to rock and roll
 And that's how the game is played
 It was fun for this t-shirt SmackDowners every week we're gonna have a new SmackDown right?
 It's right now the SmackDowners is you know, next two or three weeks is gonna be the politics and that that guess was gonna be
 I don't know yet, but I know that I'm gonna know where the traffic is at before I go and I do the thing
 Right? I'm gonna go say where's the traffic at for like let's say it's some movie coming out or maybe it's
 The finalists on the bachelor or maybe it's who knows right? I'm gonna go and find the traffic first
 Like where do I actually get that traffic from before we design the t-shirt before we get the thing created
 Otherwise, it's just gonna be waste of time energy and money
 Um, and that's how we play the game
 All right, hope that helps you guys. I appreciate you all if you got any value from this episode
 Please take snaps out of it post on your social profiles and tag me in it and let me know your biggest takeaway
 I mean the world to me. I read every one of them and I will definitely be yours as well
 Thanks so much you guys and I will talk to you all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts
 Some of you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is gonna help you. It's help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful to your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now if stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
