 What's up everybody this Russell Bronson welcome back to the marking secrets podcast today just dropped off my kids
 And it's snowing outside. How great is that?
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Bronson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, I'm driving home in the snow and
 It's I wanted some on my head that I don't know exactly the answer to it
 But I wanted to bring it up because
 In any career anything you're doing there's always like I
 Don't know there's people that last a long time and there's people who have
 Success and then they don't last a long time, right and specifically I was this morning reading
 Felizia's who are
 UFC fans this last weekend was a crazy crazy
 Crazy pvp card. I was different to UFC and tell COVID hit and then I started watching it and now I'm like obsessed
 And I can't like miss a miss a fight which is kind of funny
 Cuz I don't watch sport. I don't watch football. I don't watch basketball. I don't watch it
 I don't even watch wrestling wrestling not on TV though. Actually, but was I would watch it so Mark and I
 But UFC I got into it
 I love it and like last weekend Amanda Nunes who's like
 Literally supposed to be underfeedable got defeated which was crazy and much other things
 But one fight specifically was this guy named Cody
 Cody
 I know pronounced the last time go brand or something like that. Anyway, the man of
 So Cody basically
 2007 became UFC champ. Yeah, just an amazing one this you know beat the beat the champ to throw him and it was just a huge deal
 And then he's lost like the last seven fights in a row
 I think you won one boss basically seven fights in a row and hasn't you ever since he was the champ hasn't been able to get it back again
 Which is interesting and you see other people like that
 in the UFC where they go and they win a championship and then they they never win again like you go
 You become like one week, you know when you're the best in the world and then you never
 Like you never get you never win another fight again or you win very few and they got other people
 You know like some like ooze men who wins it and then wins another one another one is one like 10 matches
 And you know 10 title offenses in a row and for those who don't follow UFC
 You know this doesn't make any sense to you but just conceptually like what how like what makes it so that one person could become a champion
 You know the best in the world and they never win again
 Versus somebody else who becomes a champion best in the world and then defend their titles 10 times 20 times whatever ends of being right
 I start thinking about that in business because
 It's kind of similar. I've been doing this now. I think I'm in my right 20th year, which is crazy
 So I've been playing this game for a while and last night
 I was hiring a copywriter for a really cool project I'm working on I was going back in time trying to find
 Offers in the path that had been successful. So, you know, Russell the core funnel hacker in my head
 I've got like okay, I remember in you know 12 years ago 18 years ago three years ago
 Like all the people had similar offers in the past
 And so I go and I find them and I have to go to a site called the way back machine because most of the most of these offers are dead now
 But I go the way back machine type in the old URL and boom it pulls up the old offer, which is really cool
 So I was looking I was trying to remember all the old offers
 There were similar to this new one that we're creating was going to launch probably in January or February
 And I was going in there finding them all and I found this one that
 I remember when it when it launched it was like the offer and I remember the person who launched and I'm not gonna say their name because
 This person pulled a Cody go brand. I'm saying his name wrong anyway a Cody
 Where they have the offer like they created this offer. They were out of the gate. They were newer
 Newer marketer and for some reason this offer just crushed it was right message right timing right everything
 And I remember being so jealous because this offer did I don't know probably $10 million in sales
 Over the the period of a you know a couple months and it was like a $37 offer with some upsells and downsells
 But again for whatever reason it was like
 Perfect message to market match right like it was the right message for the market at the time and it just crushed it
 Okay
 And I started thinking about those guys. I'm like whatever happened to the people who launched that offer I got they were young
 Cool dudes like people loved them
 You know and they had the offer like better than any offer I ever had that time. I was just like so jealous
 But I haven't seen them since
 And it makes me wonder like what happened, you know and I remember I've I've seen them launch other offers
 I remember they contacted me
 I remember because the time I was trying to broker their leads to a call center and then they kind of screwed me
 And some of them are after that watching them do you know another offer another offer but none of their offers hit like that one hit
 And they did a bunch of the ones that I've never hit and I look back now and
 Again, they're gone and I can tell you in the 20
 Almost 20 years I've been doing this. I have seen so many people come into the to the scene
 Have a good offer launch it big a ton of money
 And then we'd ever see me again
 And there's other people who have been doing this now like me for two decades or Dan Kennedy for four decades, right?
 Or Tony Robbins or people who have been who have long jeopardy them and do this way longer
 And they're still doing this and it makes me think about that like what like what makes
 What makes you know somebody go and become the UFC champion of the world have the best offer in the world
 And then never have another win again versus the person who's titled defense 10 times who's had 10 20 30 winning offers and they're like
 What's the what's the big difference? And so I don't know if I know
 All the answers or the exact answer but I want to propose what I think is the biggest reason in in our world that somebody
 wins long-term
 Because I think anybody could create a really good offer right you can write a hook story offer get the right message get the right timing get the right
 All the things it's not hard to get an offer that that's gonna crush. Well, I'm not gonna say it's not hard
 It's it's it's hard takes a lot of work, but if you get it right, you know, I've seen people who
 Make more money and one one offer than you know, then the average person will make in 10 lifetimes
 Um, so if you get it right, it's you know, the amount of money you can make really quickly is huge, but then
 Like long jeopardy again most people like I've been doing this now for so long. I can tell you the people that
 Um, we're around when I got started our few and far between if I mentioned most of those names
 The most part you wouldn't know any of you might know one or two of them
 But the most parts, you know the people who were the legends who were the biggest names in the world
 They're um, they're longevity is not lasting and so I wonder like what
 What causes that and I want to propose I think the biggest thing is
 To create an offer it's you know, hook story offer like that's the
 You get right sells lettering gets right offering their message right ads all kind of stuff
 It hits it blows up but people who have been around
 For more than off people have had 10 title defenses, you know 10 good offers 20 good offers whatever and they're still around
 It's not so much just the offer the offer's part of it. Um, the key is
 the
 Is the relationship it's the community so what happens after the offer
 Right. I look at these dudes who had the software back 10 years ago. They crushed it. They out did every offer I ever dreamed of
 They launched it. They sold a bunch
 But then I was on their list
 Right and what happened in their list they emailed other people's offers. I sold a lot of things
 And eventually I had lost interest to them and I went away
 Like they they were so focused on monetizing the list and making money from the data or whatever you want to call it right
 selling them thing after thing after thing that um
 Eventually I stopped the open the emails I stopped reading because it wasn't like like I came in because they had this offer right?
 It was exciting. It was interesting. It was new and then they didn't keep talking about it
 They stopped talking about they what they shifted the next thing the next thing the part of this person's offer the next one
 They've created new offer and like they they kept shifting
 Where I wouldn't propose the reason why I've been doing this for so long
 I would say that I was on the same path as these guys were probably the first decade of my business first decade I was launching offer after offer after
 After I've heard there's nothing wrong with launching a lot of offers in fact
 You need to in fact most of you will do better by launching more offers
 but the the difference is um
 The offers have to stack
 Right like if you come into the Russell Brunson world you can ask anyone like what his Russell teach was do
 Like there's one word is coming to mind. What is that?
 It's funnels right like okay Russell comes in you learn funnels
 But then inside of funnels I have a whole bunch of offers that stack upon that new opportunity right the new opportunity
 I mean people in it is is a funnel
 But then I have offers that stack upon that does that make sense?
 So like we have funnel scripts, but it's had right the copy for your funnel
 We've got traffic secrets. It's how to get traffic to your funnel
 We have expert secrets is how to tell your story inside your funnel. We've got um, you know every single offer
 I've created all comes back down to the same thing. It's all stacking on the same opportunity
 So that way I don't I don't have to like resell my audience each time
 I'm just already sold on the core principle thing i'm talking about and everything i'm doing
 Day in and day out week in a week out month in a month out year in and year out is stacking on the opportunity
 So what happens is the culture the brand the people get deeper and deeper deeper as opposed to like here's an offer
 We made a bunch of money now we shift the new offer and then a new offer because eventually when your offer isn't gonna work
 Right and I have tons of offers we've sold but they they haven't they haven't worked
 as an offer like to go buy ads and drive traffic and things like that but they do work to my list because my list
 Loves me my list, you know, I was looking for like other ways to do funnels better, right?
 That's the that's the new opportunity people came in into my world for
 And so when i'm stacking and i'm adding new opportunities on top of that
 That is the that is the key, right?
 And so it's all about the community. It's all about the relationships all about not giving your audience
 gets a friend of you by changing things over and over and over again
 But instead of going deeper and like doubling down and like really believing what you're believing
 I think that these guys who I saw this offer from a decade ago
 Um, they would have doubled that like even today like the offer I was looking at like this offer would come out today
 But they stopped promoting that they stopped running all the the concepts around that and they went to the next thing next thing that would hold all over the place
 I see right now happening in our world all these people who were experts at their thing and now we've got bitcoin and then nft's and stuff
 And now they're like shifting to the next thing the next thing and not there's anything wrong with that right like
 There's probably going to be a day I guarantee in the near future. We're not near future in the future where i'm going to sell an nft
 Right, but it's not going to be an nft on some random like magic monkey that's dancing now because it's not
 Doubling down on the new opportunity someone came in with right they came into my world and entrepreneurs
 And so like if I if and when I was to do an nft or something like that, it's going to be doubling down on the core message right it's going to be
 um
 Somehow amplifying the things i'm already talking about right it's not going to be this whole new thing where people are now shifting focus
 And moving over to a different spot like all those kind of things does that make sense?
 um
 and so anyway, I just just
 For you guys is to think about that like
 um, if you have a read the expert secrets book the expert secrets book is where I talk about um new opportunity
 um
 And it's interesting because Dan Kennedy
 Did a whole course called opportunity concepts about this was just so good
 And um, i'm actually working on two projects right now one is the january newsletter for the no bs newsletter if you haven't subscribed it
 Go to no bs letter.com
 But a new bs newsletter
 uh, January issues all about new opportunity. I had dan right a bunch of stuff. I wrote a bunch of stuff like going deep on like this
 concept of a new opportunity, right? Like we got to create a new opportunity. What is your new opportunity?
 um
 and then um
 And so there's there's kind of that that piece of it
 But so and then i'm also working on a another book project with dan about new opportunity because it's like the key right like you
 You don't give somebody improvement or repair as a front end the front end has got to be this here's this new opportunity
 This is
 This is like the new opportunity that's going to shift everything for you
 That's how you lead the conversation bring somebody in
 In an expert secret to talk about being the opportunity switch like you're taking them from their old opportunity to new opportunity
 That's the initial switch and after they come in then we do what we call an opportunity stack which is now they
 They move with you in this new opportunity now you're stacking things on top of that
 So for me the new opportunities funnels and they were stacking on funnel scripts
 We're seconding on fill your funnel over second all these different things to double down triple down quadruple down on the new opportunity
 So hope that makes sense. That's the that's the power we're talking about the the core key thing that you got to understand
 Um to be able to be around a long time because anyone could have one hit i'm wonder you can have an offer
 You can win a championship, but if you want to be able to be around for the long term
 Um, it comes down to one opportunity switch every company should have one and only one opportunity switch
 I'm a big believer in after you switch something into your opportunity
 Then you stack opportunities on top of that
 The people who are losing are people go on opportunity switch opportunity switch opportunity switch and keep switching people over and over again
 And gives gives your audience literal um, schizophrenia
 We got to focus on one opportunity switch and then opportunity stacking after that
 So hope that helps. Please understand it. I hope that was a nugget that kind of gets you thinking differently
 Um, if you don't that doesn't make sense to you and you want to go deeper on this make sure you understand it
 Go read expert seekers get the new updated hardbound version
 And um go read the the section on new opportunity and hopefully that'll help you
 And or get on the no bs newsletter
 Asap and get the january she's like go deep into there as well. All right. Thanks you guys appreciate you all and uh, we'll talk soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 And what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan canning I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bs letter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
