 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast today's a special episode we're here
 Above the ice that's right here. There's hockey happening down there
 We're in our partner planning meeting right here all of the co-founding partners of click funnels hanging out
 plotting world domination and the theme of today's event and the theme of this podcast is this
 It comes from social network
 Millions dollars isn't cool. You know it is cool a billion dollars
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way?
 But let's us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody, so welcome back we're side have you guys here
 So we've been here locked up in this awesome office for the last
 Day and a half planning world domination how to make click phones better for you as user
 How do you get more of you as users?
 So we can serve more people more audiences and more entrepreneurs and that's been really really fun
 And we've been going around
 plotting and scheming and planning and creating and doing and a bunch of really fun stuff
 So I thought we take a quick like time and a break here and I thought it'd be fun because we actually had a call yesterday with
 It's not really competitors
 good cool company that like what they're doing right
 We're potentially like maybe buying them or whatever it was funny because they've been watching what we're doing obviously and
 He was like oh yes, he is what ten million dollars a year revenue
 No, so
 Case you guys wondering we passed ten million dollars revenue year one we're year three
 So what I want to do is I wanted I thought be kind of fun to look at this like
 A little like a month ago two months ago
 We passed a hundred million dollars for zero to a hundred million dollars in about three years
 And I wanted to say like what was the biggest aha that each of us individually got from that we've learned in that process
 She has to get my ideas from everybody inside the team here
 So just a really quick intro everybody and I'll share my aha and then move on
 So I'm Russell. I'm the nerd who is like the dancing monkey. Let's talk about click funnels all day long
 Whoo, that's what I do here. This is Todd Dickerson guys
 he is the genius to build all the original click funnels and
 Look at that beard so manly
 Over here's Dave. There's all business development stuff. He's got the retro click function on
 Then over here is John. Hey, here's all of our ads and if you see us every day on every platform is because of that guy
 Over here
 Cool, and this is Ryan Ryan Ryan is the genius who is always coding
 All right, so I thought it'd be fun to give different people's perspectives because obviously we're all in different parts of the company
 Lifting different parts and doing different things so I thought it'd be interesting to hear everybody's ideas
 So I'll start with mine. So I think the biggest takeaway
 I shared this last time these guys is
 As I was growing my business initially the first eight or nine years
 I was very
 Like I don't know what the right word is like scarcity mindset or whatever whereas I am Russell
 I am the leader I own the company and like all these things and it's
 And I have I think I wanted to deal with partners that went sour and it's like because I was like I will never have a partner
 I will only be me and it's funny like with that mindset and the attitude
 We were able to get to like this level and we kind of capped out there and I'm lucky for me Todd came in
 Trojan horses way in where he basically worked for free for entire year
 Which was awesome and then I and then worked together for a couple years
 You know how many years was ahead of time two or three years before that and then when we had the idea for click funnels
 And we were sitting in an off some Boise
 We bought the domain and we were gonna call something different and then we find on click funnels about the domain
 And then we're like holy great mapping out on the whiteboard everything and the end of the week
 And this is like to kind of take you back like this is on the back end of like we had a hundred employees holding
 Collapse we had fire 80 people like I
 Go from a 20,000 square foot building to 2,000 we could barely afford the rent like it was like the most humbling painful time
 my life right and
 And I think that the Lord or whoever whatever you want to call it humbled me to a spot where I was willing to say yes to this
 And I am so eternally grateful I did but at the end that week Todd's like okay, I'm gonna go back to Atlanta
 I'm gonna build it. I'm gonna build this thing click funnel sing
 It's like but I don't want to do as an employee
 They only do is a partner and the Russell two or three years earlier than that would have been like nope
 This is the Russell show. I need to be a put I need to be the you know
 And I would have done something stupid like that
 But luckily I was a point where I was sufficiently humble and I was like you know what I'm gonna do that and I'm so grateful
 That I did because then Todd
 built click funnels like oh crap seriously, it's insane and then
 after that that's when we broadening other guys as partners as well and
 And they're all rockstar people. It wasn't just like I'm gonna give you a base salary
 It was like hey come in become like a partner in this thing and for me
 It's like as you find the right people and incentivize them
 Like if I was ever build a company again, I would never build a company will rustle something
 I would and we went watch Justice League last night. So maybe this is because it's my head
 Justice League Avengers whenever like oh yeah, I would literally if I ever build a company again the initial thought will be
 I'm gonna build my Avengers team my Justice League. Okay. I'm Batman. There's Iron Man
 We've got you know everyone's got their spot and I would
 Ryan's wonder woman
 I just want to look like Aquaman that dude is ripped
 But if I ever start a company again the first the first thought will not be they what products they sell
 It's gonna be what teams should we assemble and then I would carve out where everyone's roles gonna be
 I'm not gonna be CEO next time
 So I need you guys can pick that like I'm done after this, but we just pick our different roles and then from there collectively
 We'd like what should we create? What should we build? Who should we serve and then we go from that?
 So my biggest takeaway from laughing going from zero to a hundred million dollars is definitely like
 Like give up control build your adventure team ahead of time
 Because Russell Brunson could have never gotten here. It took these guys and the teams we built underneath that
 So anyway, there's my number one. So I'm heading on to Todd now to share the biggest thing
 He's learned going zero to a hundred million dollars
 So it was funny is that I was actually thinking about saying very similar things right like
 The one of the biggest thing is the team right like it's seeing how to build a team around you and actually do things as a team as opposed to by
 Yourself independently. That's how I've always done things in the past is on my own more or less in the same type scenario
 But I think something else that stands out to me is having someone that is as obsessive about the product itself
 So we always talk about how marketing is the big thing and it is but if you're focused on the marketing
 You still need someone on your team that is obsessed with the actual product and making sure you're delivering the best possible thing to people
 So when you sell it to them, they actually like it and they come back and they want more and they do yeah anyway
 So that's that's my other big epiphany. I think that I've had over the past especially in our world our world
 Like everyone's obsessed in the marking rightfully so what did you do the marking and the product if you do them both?
 It's really really hard. Yeah, cuz like I tried to build software companies in the past. I was like
 The marketing I was like trying to convince the developers how to do it
 Where's like this like you were able to run with product? I can just like sell it. Yeah, absolutely
 So that's why I think that sport is a great partnership like Russell focuses on the marketing and I focus on the product
 And I think having that really makes a difference
 Pass it on to Dave here
 Hey there, so we talk about this all the time and
 I cannot express the importance of it and that's the dream 100 as I take a look back on everything that's happened as far as first of all
 I have an amazing product and then
 amazing leaders and Todd and Russell I mean the two of them don't like amazing together
 I think that the part for me is I look at everything that we built over the last
 Three years now is the importance of the dream 100 and originally was dream 100 just as far as affiliates and even most recently when we did the book launch
 What I really learned a lot from that was the importance of understanding. It's a dream 100 per platform as well
 so as far as your influencers where they are they on YouTube are they on Facebook are they on Twitter are they an
 Instagram wherever they might be and then even most recently as far as a new dream 100 as far as
 higher-end partners that you really want to end up working with long-term and
 So for me
 I think the most important thing is when you start looking at building something is really identifying your dream 100 and then being very very
 consistent in
 Continuing to mail out every single month to them and that establishes the build that relationship with them
 They get used to seeing you
 It's been fascinating for me as we've gone out and we travel and go to these different places and people will remember the boxes and things that have been sent
 And they're like oh, how do I get on that list?
 And if they're asking to be on the list, it's I don't need them on the list basically, but
 But the reality yeah basically says it actually works so I would say in building a
 100 million dollar company or any size company. I would definitely say dream 100 is one of the most important things John up to you
 All right, so
 Really interesting journey. We've been on it's been so much fun
 So yeah, one of the things that I've learned which is it's just huge is
 Prioritizing your time and your tasks. I mean especially when you know, we're all internet entrepreneurs
 We're on the computer and it's so easy computer is gateway to anything right?
 so a huge thing for me is to before even like opening up the computer like
 Physically write down or use your phone or use something else that's not your computer to like structure out
 I mean we all do this Russell does this I do this
 We we structure out like what we're gonna do right like what are the next things I need to do because if you can get that like basically
 Spiritually created if you can get that like thought through before you actually begin then
 Then it changes everything. I mean then you're actually you're getting through stuff instead of just like fumbling along
 I mean, it's so easy because we're all bombarded with a million different things
 We could be paying attention to a million different things only some of which are really gonna move the needle, right?
 And the other thing is especially as you as you grow your team as you as you get more people working with you
 It's about so like I build out that list and then the next thing I
 Ask myself as I go through that list is like, okay, who can do this?
 Okay, who can I get to do this?
 Who can I get to do this and that specific question as I go through the list as who can I get?
 To do this
 That allows me to go through and delegate as much as possible
 To team members and so then I become more of a leader, right?
 Because it's so easy just to be like oh, I can just do it all well. Yeah, you can do it all probably
 But maybe you shouldn't be doing it all, you know, it's something to think through so
 Build up that list
 Really think through it before you before you start to take action in the day
 Prioritize it and then go through and just glean through the list and be like, okay
 Who can I get to do these things?
 Assuming you can yield to be doing none of them
 Of course, there will be a handful of them that you end up doing but that way that's just a mindset that'll help you
 Get things delegated properly. Here you go, Brent. Awesome. Hey everybody
 There you are. Hey everybody's good to get connected to you
 We just want to express how much we appreciate you
 All everybody who follows us who obviously dedicate listeners or Russell's program
 It's funny more and more is as we travel with Russell even locally here in the Boise area
 He's getting like people recognize him all over the place like they see they see the jeep or they're seeing him in the hallway the hotel
 Like hey, I'm your neighbor and you know just these these red alberts in reality. Yeah, it's just like this guy's yeah
 It's just it's just funny and and uh anyways a couple of couple things
 I had the privilege of working with Russell for over 11 years and
 Uh the one thing I think that you just cannot replace or that is absolutely needed is is hard work
 uh, you just you have to be dedicated in getting into this business and and be willing just to to
 You know sacrifice what you need to sacrifice to get going. Uh another thing that I think we've learned through this
 This journey is uh stay nimble and small as much as you can
 Uh, don't uh don't go out and try to leave some big office base until you've got sales coming in
 Consistent sales and you know that your business isn't good good shape that way
 Uh another thing that we've a mantra we've kind of followed here in our company is is we've been slow to hire and quick to fire
 Uh building that a team and Russell just done it has done a tremendous job of his
 Obviously we've got great partners here and then that has extended to our team members and again
 We love all of our team members. We are essentially a great family of
 Like my new individuals who are focused on a goal and and the leadership and this company has helped us all work to achieve that goal
 So that's been awesome as well. So stay small as long as you can't be nimble be humble
 Uh, but kick, you know, you got to work hard and uh once you do those things
 Don't sweat over the small things. I mean I think I'm just we've we've had different variations about ploy handbook
 And I'm just finally getting it out here probably in the next few weeks and we've been like business for three years
 So don't don't stress about those things
 You know
 I and I we were somewhere we were in an event in denver a few weeks ago is related to customer support
 And that's very normal for for small startups. I mean, that's very normal
 Those things just come but don't don't worry about those little details
 They just they work themselves out and uh, but work hard and uh, you'll achieve those that success
 So I will hand this over to my buddy Ryan. There you go, buddy
 So I love talking about this topic and I think it's best summarized as uh worse is better
 Um, you can do a lot more than you think uh gary v told us that when we met with him on the social media side
 We're like we already do everything. We already do a ton. We're on everything. He's like you can do more
 And I think this is true and everything we do in engineering everything we do when it comes to product
 You've heard it in every single answer from everybody to some degree
 But I think the killer
 Underlying subtext all that is that constraints are not a limiting factor
 They force you to focus
 Uh, the focus forces you to prioritize
 That forces you to do the one thing every day. That's the most valuable
 So that you can compete with somebody who's got
 40 million dollars in funding and you've got
 Three guys in an office trying to figure it out because it makes you
 Laser focus on like the thing you have to do every single day
 That's what enables you to compete at a higher level. That's what enables and I I believe the most important thing we've done in our culture is
 force everybody from
 You know hiring decisions to business processes
 Don't worry about the handbook. Don't you know
 Don't over complicate this simplify this because those constraints are what make us
 As powerful as we are and what enable us to be a hundred million dollar company with a hundred people
 To grow to a billion dollars with you know fewer resources and a fraction of the
 you know
 Budget and everything else everyone else is competing with us. They have no idea how we do it
 They're all like wait, how many engineers you have how many how do you do this?
 What how big are you it blows their mind?
 And I think that's the thing they miss is that those constraints are what enable us to do it
 It that's our weaknesses are our strengths and people see them backwards and we see it the opposite
 And that's why everyone's so blown away. I want nobody gets it and I think that's our secret sauce in many ways
 So I love that
 That's our thing. That's what I learned that blew my mind
 That's awesome. Well, I hope you guys enjoyed episodes fun hanging out and we just wanted to thank you guys so much for allowing us to serve you and serve your audience
 We love what we do. We're obsessed with it. We're passionate. We've been up for the last two days going crazy trying to figure out ways to do better
 And uh, you know for us a lot of people saying you guys made you a hundred million
 That's crazy. It's like that's like step number one for us. We're just getting started wait
 Tc was coming coming out in our next 12 months and beyond we love you guys. We appreciate you
 We're so grateful for uh the ability and the right and the um the gift we have to be able to serve you guys in
 What you guys do? So thanks again so much for everything and
 Talk to you soon. Hi everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets.com
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non vc back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
