 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secret show excited to have you guys here today today
 I'm gonna be talking about something interesting. I learned about ideas when I was in Puerto Rico
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I was in Puerto Rico and I can't remember who told it to me I
 Think it was Janet future, but it might have been somebody else
 So don't quote me and then told me to buy a book and I did buy the book and it got here and now someone the book
 So I don't know the name of the book
 But the concept was really really cool
 And so I want to share with you because sometimes it's something that holds a lot of us entrepreneurs back a lot of times
 We get an idea how many guys have ever had an idea and you're like this is my idea. This is my baby
 I love my idea. It's the best idea ever like I don't ever want to lose it or share it or lose
 You know ruin it and so like you start like trying to do the idea and then you get the next idea and the next idea
 And soon you've got a lot of ideas. I know this was me for the first decade ish of my career every time I had idea
 I bought a domain and then I got a logo design so I have
 Literally a thousand plus domains probably closer to two thousand sitting in my registrar
 But I never canceled because it's an idea that I got out of inspiration
 Or God or whatever, you know like I got this idea and I love it and I have a domain and I have a logo
 But I never developed the ideas and I think a lot of times I was always fearful like I got an amazing gift from God
 This idea like I can't lose it. I don't want to destroy it. I don't want to I got to be very very careful
 And so I'm sure a lot of you guys hopefully like that. Maybe it's just me. I don't know
 I think a lot of times we do that or we get an idea and we notice me with it and then we feel bad like
 I should have done some of that I feel guilty that I had this great idea and I didn't do anything with it
 And so anyway in Puerto Rico the person who shared the story with me or the story was shared by an amazing person
 Was basically
 And they're telling me from this book. They said in the book that there's this lady and she got an idea for stories
 She's like oh, this is a great day
 She started writing this book you're like the first chapter and never finished it and then kind of life got busy
 And then two or three years later didn't do anything with it and then a little while later
 Somebody wrote this book and launched it. It was New York Times bestseller and she gets the book and starts reading it
 And she's like oh my gosh. This is this is my story
 So they did I had like like how does somebody else get this idea?
 And then the premise I guess of the book again. I haven't read the book yet
 I'll redo I'll do episode version two this podcast after I find the book and and listen to it
 but the concept is so powerful the concept is basically that that there's like
 Infinite amount of ideas in the world and like God gives us ideas like here's an idea and it's like you can do some of this
 Or you have to here's an idea and if we don't do some with it
 Then he gives it somebody else and somebody else and somebody else does somebody takes it and executes on it
 And so a couple things number one is when you do get an idea
 It should motivate like I need to execute on this or someone else is gonna get it right or number two
 If you have an idea and you don't execute on it not to beat yourself up
 Like oh somebody will get that and they'll do something with it later and all the way for the next thing to come to me
 Right. I think there was a time people always thought like opportunity on the next month
 You only got one big idea, but I don't think that's the case like I probably have 30 or 40 ideas a day
 They could be like oh, that's a million dollar business. Oh, there's another one
 Oh, you know, it's just like there's not enough energy to do anything with them, but
 It was kind of interesting because of that and so the premise is basically the fact that ideas ideas will come to you and
 Again number one is to act on them if you've got it because if not it's gonna go to somebody else
 And then number two is like if you do miss one not feel guilty because there's like guilt factor of like
 I mean like I can show my domain registrar. I'm thinking about
 1000 plus probably closer to 1000 domains each one paying 10 bucks a year for us like 20 G's a year
 I'm spending domain registrars and ideas that like came to me and then probably some else is already executed on them
 How many times have you had like you see an idea like oh, that was my idea? Oh, I meant to dober. Oh, I meant to dober
 Oh, I meant did Airbnb. Oh, I meant to click funnels. Oh, I meant traffic secrets
 But I know whatever right like like we all get ideas
 I think that throughout your life what you're what our one of our goals should be is like getting good at like getting the idea and
 Then developing it turning it into something right
 One of the we did a marketing secrets live show today when the quotes on there was from Dean Gracie Oc about how
 An idea without marketing is just it's nothing. It's just it's an idea
 right the marketing is what turns the idea and turns into something real tangible and and
 So I think for us
 It's like for all this one of our jobs should be to start developing that muscle like hey came an idea comes
 How do I capitalize on how I take this like how do I?
 Build my team build my infrastructure building so when the idea comes I can like take it and I can run with it
 Right or if you again if it comes through and it doesn't hit not to beat yourself up over and speak like I should have done a thing
 I should have like oh
 It's just like understanding that like that I didn't go to somebody and somebody's gonna take it because you know
 God needs that thing to happen. So therefore somebody's gonna take that idea and run with it
 And he's probably gonna give it a bunch of people. I know click funnels like it's funny because I think I've told the story before but
 Clickfunnels calm the way right now is the third time we try to build click funnels. I try to build the ones as
 Click calm calm calm at times click fusion calm. We tried
 I've been more times than that instant click fusion anyway
 You know we had the idea and we tried to execute and we didn't and I wasn't the first one
 Night tons of friends industry like I'm building a sales funnel builder
 I'm like oh so my like this race
 I'm all stressed now
 I'm trying to execute on it and then I've got it and took me like three tries before I met Todd and Todd was the one who like
 He was the had the ability to execute something a lot times our job is like as we're getting ideas is like
 Start building a team start building infrastructure start finding the right people around you so that when the idea comes like
 I can actually do something with us now right?
 I had five good ideas. I couldn't execute on any of them because I didn't have the the resources the people that whatever
 But then when the right one comes if you were unprepared you'll do something with it and that's kind of exciting
 So anyway, I thought that was interesting just something to think about and so this next idea comes to you
 Just think okay. This is an idea. Is this my idea or my little pass?
 This is my idea how am I gonna execute on it right or if it's not a your idea like I'm gonna let some pass and someone
 Also grab it and I'll be super happy for them when they do execute on it and this this idea had becomes a reality from somebody else
 Anyway, I think if you start looking at the
 The everything that lens it'll take away scarcity that some people like also scare state like I'm gonna lose the idea
 I'm gonna miss out. I'm gonna you know, opportunity strikes once and the one good idea like those things aren't actually true
 They're they're here all the time. It's just open your mind to it be happy when people do do take an idea and do something amazing
 But like be grateful be happy for them and the one who comes for you be prepared so preparing yourself now
 You know I talked a lot of last two fun hacking lives
 I talked a lot about the who not the howl right and I've talked about the podcast before but
 I think a big part of it's like the ideas come to us because like I want to stimulate your desire to create the thing
 You know like I can't create the thing
 Yes, it's like you don't need to go learn these skills or I need to start building the team if you already have these skills
 And so sometimes I think the idea is there to stimulate our growth and make us get prepared for when the next idea is gonna come
 Right like if quick funnels will click phones. They're coming if you got quick phones
 This is the third time I came to before you actually execute on it
 So twice before the balancing ball hit me and we're like oh we started working on it and like we didn't have the
 Capacity yet to be able to execute on even we tried and we failed right hit again
 We tried and we failed and hit again and then this time I found the right because I found the taught
 I found the people found all these different people so that way when we had when it hit the next time
 We were able to execute and get prepared for it
 So be grateful for the ideas even if you don't execute on them
 They're there to help increase and and grow your capacity so
 And we have too many of them at least for me
 I was when I heard that I was blessed on the other side like not feeling guilty about my domains
 I'm thinking I'm gonna go unregister 2,000 domains same as a 20 GZ year on domain registrances. So
 Anyway, I hope that helps you guys wish you have some new episodes coming out
 We just recorded today marketing secrets live show which is two or three podcast episodes coming out of that
 Of next couple weeks that he gives a like and now we have the book launch coming up in like a
 10 days from now the extra the traffic secrets book launch goes live a bunch of the craziness happening
 I turned 40 in like two days from time record right actually time you guys listen this I'll just turn 40
 So I'm on the other side of the hill now hanging out going down the other side
 Anyway, that's that appreciate y'all. Thanks for listening and we will talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunce community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Hope you understand the tactics don't understand all the things you need to be successful to your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC]
