 What is up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to the
 Marketing Secrets Podcast. Today I'm walking home from the office and I had to
 share some cool stuff with you. So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs
 like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from
 our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our
 services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable? That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name
 is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hi everybody. I hope you're all doing well. I'm in like what do you call it? Crunch
 time or deadline time or whatever you want to call it right now. Plot or
 Plomo, letter gold. One of those times in your life where you have to get stuff
 done and as much as I hate those times because they're stressful and they're
 tiring and they worry me out. It's also the times when I get a lot of stuff done
 which is interesting. In fact I think one of the biggest reasons why most people
 don't get stuff done is they don't set these hard deadlines. So because of that
 he let himself off the hook and things. So you get under a week takes two weeks
 and then three and then four and then five and then he keeps getting pushed out
 forever. I definitely know that it's true for me. He's here on the car driving past
 me. Anyway definitely true for me as well and so a lot of you know man I started
 thinking about writing the traffic secrets book. What was that? It's actually
 in the middle of the expert secrets launch. After I launched the expert secrets book
 I'm like I'm done. I'll never read again. I've got two books now. It's over. The
 work is finished and then in the middle of our launch John Reese message me was
 like hey would you be interested in buying traffic secrets from me? And I was
 like yes that is the third book I must do it. So yeah so that's one of the
 nice that yes paid him a tidy sum to buy the domain from him and it's been kind
 of there waiting for me to write in the back of my head. And so slowly started
 moving forward on it. Nothing really happened and then about a year ago I was
 like okay I'm gonna do a live event where I teach all this stuff and so it was a
 little over a year ago. I actually went and spoke of Dana Dereks dream 100 con
 and at that event is the first time I spent a whole bunch of time trying to
 think through the curriculum for the book what it's gonna be. And so I sat
 there and doodled out a million ideas and put an ally together in stories and
 had the first iteration of that. I think he gave me if I remember right like two
 hours or so to speak on to speak at the event. And so I got up and I presented
 it and you know I was testing my materials. I did it and there's some
 things that you could tell people right go out and freak out about other things
 that just kind of hit people and fell on the side and I was like oh they didn't
 get that. You know I was too confusing or just wanted to explain whatever the
 you know the reason. And then and then a month later I was doing a bigger event
 for all of our two comical coaching members called traffic secrets. Yeah
 surprise surprise. They called it the same name as the book. And so we set that
 event and that gave me like another month or so to really dive deep on
 furthering the curriculum and furthering the teaching because I knew I was doing
 a live event. So for next month I like killed myself up super late night up early
 early mornings and did all this stuff and ended up doing the event. It was a two-day
 event where I taught the newer curriculum for the book. I taught that again and
 same process. Some things landed some things didn't and but it was me testing
 the material and just kind of figuring out what was gonna work and not work.
 And that was almost a year ago. And so since then I had my first deadline. I was
 supposed to get the book done. I think it was like by the end of the year like
 December. So I got a publisher who signed me and gave me a rote. He was
 really exciting except for what the rote he comes a deadline. So I said the
 deadlines here. So I started working towards it and then I was working the
 outline and section one I started writing a little bit and then fun-lacking
 live started looming and I was trying to get fun-lacking live and the book done.
 And finally I was like I'm not gonna this deadline I need to shift it. So we
 shifted the deadline to after fun-lacking live and then shifted to get and it's
 been shifted three or four times. And now we are summer descended. It was
 actually the first day of school for my kids. So it was the last week of August
 and my deadline is September 1st. So it's about a it's about a week from now.
 It's not supposed to be due. Which I'm not gonna actually get that deadline. But
 we'll have the first section of the book done by the deadline. So the goal is to
 get them section one on September 1st and then two days later section two and
 two days later section three. I think it's time to kind of go back and edit. So I'm
 down to the literal crunch time. And so it's interesting as you have these hard
 deadlines. You can't miss all of a sudden as you're working towards it all the
 other things start falling to the wayside right. All the things aren't hyper
 important. You know meetings that were like that seemed that seemed important
 suddenly don't become important right. They're not urgent like the urgency now
 is the book is due and so all the important things start falling by and
 it's like forcing you to do it. And so man I've been writing so much like
 I was up last night to one riding right up super early this morning.
 Riding all day. I had meetings this morning for like three hours.
 Two meetings got done. I pulled up my treadmill vest jumped on it. And for two
 hours and forty six minutes I walked and wrote. I got one and a half chapters
 finished in that time. Then I had another three hour meeting after that.
 Now I'm walking home recording a podcast. I'm like at home and play with my kids
 till they start getting tired. And then we'll jump back to my office and try to
 write another three hours tonight. Then I wake up super early tomorrow and
 repeat this process until until the book is done. So anyway it's a lot of work
 and it's tiring and stressful. And I tell Mattel that you're like this is the
 season of my life. I call it being tired because not only drive the book you know
 obviously we have a lot of other things. There's some stuff I can't tell you
 about that. But we're about a month away from ClickFunnels 5 year birthday.
 We're rolling out this insane new learning platform. That's like until you
 right now. That's going to change the marketing entrepreneurship world forever.
 So we have that task. We have a new funnel that went live last week that's
 killing it right now. We've got so many things. So many software updates.
 So many big software changes we're announcing. The meeting today for three
 hours is Fun Hocking Live. Like we're planning Fun Hocking Live. I'm about to start
 asking all the people who are going to be speaking to come and speak. We're trying
 to finalize. Speakers and anyway just there's so much stuff. Plus I'm trying to
 be a present dad and father and husband and all those things as well. And so
 anyway there's a lot that I'm juggling and trying to keep in front of my church
 responsibilities as well on top of that. There's... Phew! I'm not gonna lie. There's a lot
 and I'm tired. But I keep moving forward on it because I have a vision. I have a
 mission and I know the importance of what I'm doing and I believe in it and it
 gives me a lot of fulfillment in me. So I'm gonna keep on doing it. It's funny
 there's a guy I have a lot of respect for but he wanted to interview me first
 podcast. I was like I love to. I'm super busy. I'll have you set up a time of my
 assistance. She can kind of help you find it, find a time. And it was tough
 because like we have obviously this this book's done. But then before it in the
 year after Dude the Read Write on Doc on Secrets and Expert Secrets like both
 those books have to do a rewrite because we're republishing those with new
 publishers as well. So basically I'm writing three books the next three months
 and so even when this one's done I have a week off from going with my wife on a
 vacation and I get back. And then the next book I got like 14 days finished that
 one next. I got 30 days finished that one. So it's like it's a lot but it's not
 loosening up super easy. And then from there we go directly into wrestling season
 my kids. Sometimes I leave half days every day to do wrestling practice with
 them. That leads all the way up until Christmas and then Christmas we have the
 basically have to get all my fun like my presentation is done in December
 because January we have the two comic book crews and then boom we're a fun
 hockey live. So anyway just like just the content creation the volume how much
 stuff we have to get created between now and then the year is more than most
 companies will do their entire existence. And we're doing that plus all the other
 things right? So there's there's a lot and I'm not saying to complain again I
 love it but it's just maybe laugh because this person you know my assistant
 got me looking at like literally the first opening that he has like a free
 30-minute window is in February and see if he's in the very first spot and he
 wrote back and I guess was upset saying you know I'm busy too. I think I make
 time for me till then like whenever he's kind of upset about it and and I get it
 but then it's funny because I keep posted something on Facebook the other day
 that was like I'm looking for new show to binge flip to binge watch on Netflix.
 I've had any suggestions and I didn't comment but I really wanted to be like
 do if you have time to binge watch anything like you have more time than me.
 I haven't watched TV for forever because there's no more there's no more time so
 why I'm telling you this a couple reasons number one I'm doing this work
 and I'm talking about my work I'm talking about your work here as well doing this
 work is not going to be easy. And it'll be very in degrees there's times when
 there's a lot of pressure it's hard this time it's easier but it's not it's not
 little right so if you decide to go on this mission and you pursue entrepreneurship
 and do these things it's gonna there's gonna be pressure and there's gonna be
 a lot of stuff and honestly if you don't have a vision of what you want to
 accomplish and a mission a calling whatever you want to call it to do that
 thing and it gets really tough when the heat turn it gets turned on like it would
 be so easy for me this point just to be like I'm done for a year I take a year
 off and nothing would shift to my life at all right but it's not about that it's
 about a calling a mission a vision things that I'm pursuing that I'm trying to
 get done because I believe they're bigger than me and I I strongly believe
 otherwise I wouldn't do it right so that's the more you have to have that
 number two you have to create deadlines solid hard deadlines if you've
 listened to this podcast while I've talked a couple times about like letter
 gold deadlines it's like like if you're successful you get gold if not you've
 led led is a bullet right plot to our plumber letter gold there's silver a
 gold whatever you'll call it but I guess that these hard deadlines if you don't
 man so easy to wiggle past the thing you know I mean like I started this book a
 year ago and honestly the majority of the writings happened in the last by 45
 days I could have gotten the book done last year if I would blocked out you know
 two months just to do it but I couldn't sell other things but it wasn't until
 like I had the hard deadline and I'm grateful my publisher basically giving me
 money because forced me to have a deadline otherwise man in fact Friday I
 almost pushed it I had a little literal entire email from saying explain why
 there's no way I could possibly do it and then joy on my team is kind of my
 head of content development she's helping me to get the things done and get
 all the writing done hit the timelines and all that kind of stuff she's doing
 editing kind of behind the phone behind it doing editing the book she's she
 I'm I got sent an email last her about it she's like wait wait hold on so
 after I'm your schedule like okay if you can write you know two chapters every
 single day this weekend and then this on Monday and this between these meetings
 to get this part done and like you set a structure schedule I'd like have to
 run and have to raise if you'll even do it by doing that it's forcing me to
 actually get it done and again if it wasn't for that deadline a this book
 would not be done for another you know six months or so so having it having a
 solid deadline either a real one or fake one that you pose upon yourself but
 regardless you have to stick to it and not let it shift so number two number
 three you need to build out an amazing support team it's not just it's not just
 you know at the office but but all aspects of aspects of your life right I
 got my amazing wife and the support network here at home allows me to do
 these things that's the point I work at work I support network in my writing I
 support network in the running of the company and the like all those
 departments are able to run I will do this because I'm such an amazing support
 network it's interesting Stacy and Paul Martino he has probably heard me talk
 about them on the store enter circle members who run a relationship development
 org and help save marriages they just moved here to Boise and had a chance on
 Saturday to go swing by the house really quick and with their really good at
 setting up structure and systems for the things in their life that will
 normally suck away your time so they can focus on their work and so much so
 like they have a nan you hope to watch the kids they have a house manager that
 they go shopping for them buys the things they have the people for all
 these different tasks like I should only be doing this everything else needs to
 have the person and system in place to make sure it actually happens and so I
 was watching them as they plug in these people in the mood here boom they have
 the checklist the systems playing people in hiring getting them in place
 so that like like we're gonna go to like Saturday like we're gonna drive
 Whole Foods by the stuff we never want to drive there again so we're getting
 the person we're building out the system so it's like we've done this once we
 bought something like we figured it out I'm never have to assist this task again
 because now it's all documented we can plug somebody in to do that thing and
 they built this they're building the support network here in the new home
 they in the new area they just move into and so same things true for you man if
 you want to be an entrepreneur and you want to create these amazing things
 like you've got to start building out the support networks around you like in
 your home so your home life doesn't crash your business so your business doesn't
 crash you know like whatever project you want to take the first step is like
 can build out the the the structure and systems around that to support it so I
 can actually do what I need to do a lot of times we go and we try to do some
 amazing things about the structure in place that's why I often we crash and
 burn so there's three big tips I'm home now my kids are out playing soccer on
 soccer Phillips is exciting so I'm gonna go thanks again for listening
 appreciate you guys for being the subscribers this podcast I hope that you
 get something out of every episode I publish and hopefully that when the
 traffic seekers books without you read it because I am literally bleeding from
 my fingers for you not literally and figuratively bleeding from my fingers
 for you and I hope you love it and appreciate you all thanks so much I'll
 talk to you soon bye everybody.
 would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to
 grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes
 reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
