 Hey everybody this Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast
 Today I actually want to share with you a story that happened back when I was wrestling in high school
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Everyone so I am
 wrestling students don't have my kids as you know and
 It's fun. So I had a chance to finally get back to work and you know
 I bought three hours a day back in my work and it's been interesting since I've got back to work
 I've been missing wrestling like crazy and I'm missing like that extra time with my kids
 I had about a whole week where I was just at work
 You know the full day catching up on stuff
 It was nice and then my kids and one of their close friends started saying hey coach Brunson
 Hey dad, can we can we start wrestling in we want to start practicing again and and we kind of talked about earlier in the season
 You know as like hey guys if you really want to get good
 I told him it was funny kind of funny
 I told him this because at first my kids did not like wrestling and I kept telling him I was like as soon as you guys want
 As soon as you like wrestling I can make you really really good
 You have to like it first if you don't like it
 I'm never gonna be able to make you good at it right because you're gonna fight me you're not gonna enjoy you're gonna have a bad attitude
 But as soon as you like it
 I can make you really really good and I've got halfway through the season
 I was out camera. I was on some trip or something at where I was gone and
 Bowen one of my one of my twins called me. He's one that hated wrestling the most and called me one night
 I said dad guess what like what he's like I like wrestling now like what are they do that means we can like I
 Can help you become a good wrestler now?
 He's like I know it's so it's been fun and so far anyways we started practices this week with them more basically
 Oh, I put my two boys. I the weightlifting coach that lifts weights with me
 I haven't been lifting weights with him as well after school so trying to get them some muscle on their old frames
 And then after the case of lifting then I come and we do a practice for well
 So it's been hour but so far they're gonna make an hour and a half to two hours long
 But even really really fun. It's just us three. It's Bowen and down my two kids and then Tyler who's one of their buddies and me
 So that's four and anyway, we did practice yesterday. I did practice today. It's fun and then Saturday
 I'm actually having them all come over watching Rocky part one together
 Because I think that's essential for you to be good anything you got to watch Rocky part one
 Because then it gets you pumped for training hard and beating me odds and all fun stuff. So watching Rocky this weekend. I'm so excited
 But I'm telling you this because tonight after practice
 They were looking over my medals and things like that and I was telling about and I showed them
 You know of all the of all the awards
 I got in wrestling one of most proud of was there's this plaque on the wall
 It's the second place in the country all American and basically when I was in high school
 I went to the high school national tournament and I took second place in the country
 Which is kind of cool and the way it works is you have to be a state champion to qualify for that tournament
 You have to be a senior so all the senior state champions are able to come to this national tournament and find out who's the best in
 You know the best in the country and what's interesting though if you look at each state, right?
 So like Utah Idaho
 Whatever each state the user is different class right so in Utah there's one a two way three a four in five eight
 So I was in five a which is the toughest division
 I was a state champ there and then there's the other division so there might be five or six state champs in each way class in each state
 So there's you know probably potentially
 152 to 200 state champs
 In each way class in the country every single year, right?
 And so from that you have to be a senior and you need to be a state champion to qualify for this tournament
 so
 And I took second place that so I think there's like 68 state champs in my way class during that tournament and
 I end up eating you know the two-time California state champ and a three-time
 Somewhere else state champ and two timers and like just all these people had to beat to get in the finals and I ended
 Bloosing in the finals a really close match
 but
 But anyway, so I was like that's my my most proud one and they started looking at my other medals and
 They're like well
 It looks like basically have you know, they're asking questions about the medals and I showed them
 I said this is my next favorite one. This is my junior year
 I won the state tournament and I was a state champ and they're like oh cool
 And then I said but this check this out. This is the one is probably the most important to me
 And it was my senior year and it's a third place medal and they wait dad
 You didn't win state champ you weren't a state champ your senior year?
 I said no
 I was actually I was a state champ my junior year and then my senior year I came in and I was ranked number one
 I beat everybody all year round
 And then in the state
 Semi-finals there's this kid who I I
 Demolished him early in the year. I think I beat him 10 to 1
 earlier in the year
 I had him second or third match and we go out there in this match and I
 Just my head wasn't only I don't know what happened, but I got thrown to my back twice and
 That was she at five points, you know take him down to your back
 He had five points twice so he got 10 points from there and I end up losing by like two
 So I caught up, you know
 But I ran out of time at the end and he ended up winning and
 Which dropped me down with consolation brackets and I came back through and I ended up taking third place in state my senior year and
 for me
 it was probably the most
 the most
 devastating
 Moment of my entire life prior or since like the worst like the most pain the most embarrassment most humiliation
 Because I'd worked so hard for this thing that I was sure I was gonna win
 And I lost it and
 Against what I'd beaten before and it seemed fair didn't seem right and seemed you know all these things
 I was just I was mad myself. I was mad at just everything right and
 I remember it was like the darkest moment of my life and
 It's interesting though because I said I told the kids I said this is the thing I lost that match
 But because I lost that match I knew the two months later was the national tournament
 And because I wouldn't state my junior year
 I still qualified to go to the to the senior nationals and so I signed up for senior nationals
 I said I have two months to go there. I said based on how I did this weekend. I'm not ready
 I'm not gonna win and I said my goal was to be an all-american which means you're in the top eight
 I'm like I'm gonna I want to go and be an all-american
 But what was different is is because I had lost I remember in my head thinking I have to prove to everybody
 I'm not just someone who once stayed and got lucky and then lost it later
 I had to prove that I was something special and so because of that like it put my my mind into overdrive
 I was like I have to prove I had to prove that I'm special I had to prove that
 I just have to prove it to myself and to everybody and so because I was like I'm gonna I'm gonna train harder than anybody else
 And so for the next two months like I have a two month window
 I'm gonna go crazy and so during that two months. I lifted every every single day
 I would have wrestling practice at my school some of them I'd go in the morning
 Some of them they go after school and then after I found out who are the other state champions in Utah who are also going this tournament?
 And I call up a bunch of them
 I found out where they're at and we started driving to each other's high school
 So I would drive to Taylor'sville high school I would drive to to Brighton high school
 I'd drive these different high schools and I'd go for the two or three or four hours wrestling with these other guys who were also going training for that tournament and
 On average I was averaging about seven hours a day of training between lifting running and wrestling every single day
 It's that two month period time and I had like in my mind had something to prove to myself
 I had something to prove to the world
 But I killed myself every single day for those two months to prepare myself for the tournament now when I got to the
 The tournament I saw the brackets. I'm like there's 68 state champs most of them had one two some of them one three three times
 They'd want to stay tournament in their states and because I hadn't won at my senior year
 I was like the lowest seed like you think nobody thought I was gonna win
 I think I had like of the 68 people I was probably seated. I don't know 60 or something like that like I'd not get a good seed
 No one thought I was gonna win
 and and looking back on it if I had of if I would have won my
 My state tournament my senior year. I probably wouldn't have done very good at this tournament
 So I wouldn't have trained the way I trained I wouldn't have had the
 I wouldn't have had to work as hard as I did had I had won that match and so because I lost I put in all this extra effort and time and
 energy to prove that I was good enough and I went there and
 You know one of the worst seeds in the tournament and I ended up beating
 per like the number one saves the two-time California state champ
 Which if you know anything like California
 It's one of the toughest states in the country typically and and I beat them and then him
 That'd be a three-time state champ from North Dakota
 and then be a two-time state champ from the next place the next place in that and I went through this tournament and
 It's interesting like I always heard athletes. I've heard people like in baseball and stuff
 So, you know like when I'm in the zone like someone pitches a ball
 It's 105 miles an hour. It still looks like it's coming slow at me
 I remember that tournament feeling that way I was like when I stepped on the mat like I felt like everything was happening
 Slow motion like my moves were just crisp like sloppy things I'd done during the high school season
 I didn't do anymore because I had trained so hard over that two-month period time to not do those things to have my hips in the right
 position and have you know all the things correct and
 and
 And the matches just everything seemed easier like these people who you know
 Two months earlier would have destroyed me. I was just playing with them and and of all the matches all the terms
 Everything I've done that was my turn by that was the best term I've ever wrestled went all the way through pin
 My guy in the semi-finals qualified for the nationals or for the finals and then the finals ended losing by two points
 In a controversial match. I still think I won, but that's the story for another day
 But it took second place in the nation. I became an all-american because of that it opened up all these different doors because of that
 my
 You know prior to that wasn't recruited by any division one school
 I was recruited by some junior colleges and NAI schools and D2 and D3 schools
 And I was like I don't want to want to go division one
 I don't want to wrestle and after I qualified for the finals all the coaches you know from all of the the colleges were there
 So I'm getting calls from you know basically everyone like the
 The Boise State coach the Arizona State coach Iowa State coach the BYU coach like all these different coaches
 They all wanted me to come wrestle for them and I was like oh my gosh
 This is this is a huge change from what it was earlier
 In fact, it's kind of funny because my parents wanted me to go to BYU
 I always wanted to go to BYU, but prior to to me going this tournament
 I actually applied to go to BYU and BYU had to have like a you had to be really really smart and I
 Was not very good in school. And so
 You know I got my rejection letter back like sorry
 We looked at your resume, but you are dumb
 So you're not allowed into the school right?
 They said a little nicer than that but not much and so I remember I was walking to the national finals
 And I saw the BYU assistant coach and he came over and was like hey
 I want to introduce myself to you and he said we love to have you come and wrestle BYU and I was like
 I'm sorry
 I applied and I got I got rejected and he kind of started laughing and he was like don't worry
 We'll take care of that in a week later. I got home
 There's a new letter that showed up said hey we reevaluated your applications and congratulations
 You've been accepted to BYU so funny so I ended up going to BYU and I wrestled there
 And then I went on a mission for my church for two years and then I came home and BYU had dropped their program
 I was gone so I transferred to Boise State Boise State. I met my beautiful wife Collette
 Here's where I started my business about my business partners my friends and like
 Everything good in my life
 Happened because I ended up here in Boise in the spot on earth
 I needed to be to find the people that I needed to become who I have become today and
 I was telling the story of the kids and I said you know what?
 Had I had not lost that match the match that meant everything to me the match that I thought for sure
 I was gonna win it put me in literally gave me the worst day of my life had I am not lost that match I
 Wouldn't have trained the way I had a train the national tournament wouldn't have been an all-American
 I wouldn't have taken second place in the country wouldn't have gone college scholarships
 I wouldn't have ended up at Boise State. I wouldn't have met my wife
 I wouldn't had you as kids and wouldn't have met my business partners
 I wouldn't have been in the situation the fertile ground I needed to be in to get the ideas the
 Everything I needed to become who I've become today right to be able to be in a spot where all of a sudden marketing became interesting to me
 So much so I became obsessed with it, you know
 I had to have different friend groups different people different experiences like all those things happened because I lost that match
 and
 I remember sitting there after lost a match and just thinking like this was the end of my life like I'm depressed
 I'm miserable. I just want to die. I want to disappear off face to earth everything
 I had worked for my entire life just got ripped out of my hands and
 You know I was mad at myself. I was mad at God
 I was mad at everything and what I didn't realize was
 How do you have answered my prayers and had I have won that match?
 everything good in my life would not be here today and
 I start thinking about that I was like man
 It's always hard in the moment to understand the lesson in the trial that God is giving us right
 But then you know fast forward now 20 years looking back. It becomes so clear. Oh my gosh
 That was like the chain reaction that I needed to get me to be here today
 and
 Looking back now. I'm so so grateful that I lost that match so grateful that
 It forced me to to become better and forced me to do different things and forced me to come to my end today
 And so for any of you guys who are listening this I want to share this because I remember hearing Tony Robbins say one time
 He said you know a lot of times when people are passing away and they're on their death bed and they're being interviewed
 And and they're asked about you know tough times in their life
 most of them reflect back on the hardest moment or the worst time the worst situation happened in life and they realize that
 because of that everything great happened and
 I'm saying this because some of you guys right now are probably in that moment, right?
 You're in the darkest hour and you're just like why am I here? Why am I even doing this?
 Why was that taken away from me? It doesn't make any sense. Why was that peace? Why was that person?
 Why was that experience? Why was whatever it is you're going through?
 Why was that taken from me right and in justifiably so like you can be angry?
 But what you don't understand is what I didn't understand is it that was such a key
 component like a key
 Thing like had it I had not shifted
 Had I lost that match I've not gone through that dark moment of my life
 It wouldn't have put me on the path. I need to be on to be where I am today
 And so if you do believe in a god and if you do believe in prayers
 And if you do believe in destiny and you believe in whatever you want to believe in
 understand that like a lot of times you're gonna lose some of these battles
 But you're gonna win the war as long as you keep moving forward and you keep doing it and so
 Hoping to help someone someone who's going through depression or going through loss or going through something
 It doesn't make sense and you're angry and you're upset
 From someone now who who's able to look backwards in time and see that as a blessing
 I just hope that gives you hope that whatever you're going through now could be a blessing for you as well
 and
 When you're in the middle of it, it's and it's it's hard to see
 Oh, it's so hard to see I remember I didn't want I just
 And I'm sure there's gonna be more times in my life that happens right at times my like the big time my business crash
 When from a hundred employees had like fire 80 people overnight and lost everything like had that not have happened
 Clickphones wouldn't have happened right and in the future who knows what happens click phones might crash or something else might happen and like
 Who knows like what I am supposed to learn from that?
 Where am I supposed to go? This is to become how much to serve like what's the what's the next thing?
 We don't know the answers to those things
 But we have to have faith that there is a process and a purpose and what we're doing
 Otherwise it can get really dark and scary, but if you rise man, I don't understand it
 I don't I don't know why but I trust that there's a purpose
 It can give you the hope you need to keep moving on but
 The last thing I want to say is just you know the the other moral the story is like when I lost it wasn't like I
 Stopped it was like okay. I need to readjust my goals and then you double down right?
 I think sometimes we get depressed or dark states
 We just kind of walk away. It's like no no no that's not that listen to the whole story the whole story was
 We lost went through a phase of depression and then said this is the new goal
 This is how I'm going to redeem myself go and then I went and I ran as fast as I could tell my fingers bled
 Tell my feet were sore everything I needed to do and gave it a hundred percent
 Because that's what was required for me to become
 The person I need to be to win that tournament right to to become an all-american. I could have done it two months earlier
 I would have lost
 Because I went through that I was good enough
 I became who I needed to be to get that part of the that piece of the goal right to get that next achievement
 Right when my old company crashed and everything fell to the wayside probably my second darkest moment of my life
 It was also the necessary things I had to learn how to go through to be able to come who to become who I was to be able
 To handle the mantle of what click funnels is okay?
 If anyone thinks click funnels is easy to run and to be part of it is not it is insane amounts of work
 And had you know Russell from ten years ago if he would have been handed this mantle it would have crushed him
 But because of these experiences and the that all the things that I had to figure out and learn and and and grow through
 It's what's given me the ability to to be able to to handle this right now
 At least as well as I you know doing my best some of you guys may think that Russell you're not doing that give a job
 I'm doing my best I can so back off
 But anyway, so I hope that helps I hope to help somebody. I don't know I just felt inspired tonight to share that
 And I hope that helps one of you guys out there in the moment of darkness you may be in
 So just keep moving forward don't give up if I could go back 20 years to Russell and that night that I lost
 Come to that came in I know right now this sucks and it's painful and you just want to disappear
 And I understand that but in 20 years from now
 You're looking back at this moment as the turning point of your life because you lost tonight
 Everything good that happens to you will will happen and so someday you will be so grateful that this experience happened and
 Hopefully
 You guys can remember that. All right. That said I'm gonna go get my kids into bed. I appreciate y'all
 Thanks for listening and we'll talk to you as I'll see
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
