 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Hopefully you guys are all going to get today.
 We are in the next day of our traffic secrets launch, talking about traffic secrets and
 the book and how you traffic to your funnels and a bunch of other amazing things.
 I hope you guys enjoyed the last few days.
 We've had a fun time to go through some of the things in the books and the concepts.
 So far, well over 10,000 of you guys have ordered the book which is amazing.
 I think it's like three or 4,000 of you guys have bought the audio book which is the episode
 order form of Bums which I'm super grateful for because I spent three days locked down
 in a recording studio recording that for you guys.
 Thank you for making that time not a waste of money on energy.
 It's crazy for us.
 We've never done an audio book.
 You literally have headphones on and you're reading the book and there's something listening
 to everything.
 You have to stop and go back and you go again.
 You have to stop.
 You have to read through all.
 I did all three books over seven days.
 It was a nightmare.
 Being stuck in a little spot like this and you can't move while you're talking and you
 can't mess up and you keep your energy high for like eight hours a day.
 It's really, really hard.
 But there are over 6,700 cuts where I messed up and I'm going to go back and fix and fix
 and fix and fix to read all three books.
 Doc on Maxxford traffic.
 So anyway, I've got a dozen of your slogans and messages and you listen to the entire
 audio book already, which is crazy.
 It took me three days to read and you listen to it in a day, which is, I don't, makes me
 happy.
 Also people said the hard thing is that you can't listen to X speed because it's already
 at like eight X speed because that's how you get Russell Bronson.
 I only come in eight X speed.
 I'm coming in so hard anyway, which is kind of fun though.
 But anyway, stop seeing this audio book is the order form bump and then by the way, I
 don't know, probably 200 of you guys have messaged me on Instagram.
 Like, how do I get the box?
 Like, okay, when you buy the book, don't let me go about your book.
 You go buy the traffic secrets book and the upsells like, hey, do you want the entire
 secrets trilogy?
 And if you say yes, then we'll ship the whole thing on May Fit.
 If you say no, then you'll get the whole thing.
 Anyway, so that's coming there.
 And the other thing is that, well, the upsells is the audio books for all three.
 So if you want to geek out during this quarantine time and listen to all three of the audio
 books, that may be an opportunity, but you got to go check out the funnel.
 Leave a no.
 So if you go to traffic seekers.com, you'll get a free copy of the traffic secrets book,
 the order form bumps like you on the audio.
 You're like, yes, I want the audio book.
 Boom, that the audio book next up sells like, hey, do you want the entire box set?
 Because you'd be crazy not to.
 And you're like, yeah, what the box that you say?
 Yes.
 And it's like, do you also want the audio book to the box that you're like, yes.
 So that's how it works.
 Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy the funnel.
 Like I was hoping to buy it slowly because it's fun to go through the process and see
 what we did.
 All right.
 So today, hopefully this works a little better yesterday.
 My Instagram is muffled.
 Hopefully you can hear me.
 And then my Facebook slash YouTube video camera crashed and I didn't think so much.
 I'm going to try to call me.
 So I've locked out all these things.
 This is my own personal studio out of my quarantine time.
 Make sure this is all going to work for you guys.
 Hopefully it's working today.
 Hopefully it's in here.
 Hopefully nobody calls through.
 I try to block everybody.
 We can just hang out and have some fun.
 This video behind me is traffic seekers.com.
 What is that?
 What are you saying on that video Russell?
 You can just click on that button and you can watch it.
 So anyway, ever said, we're going to go by.
 I literally just said you get the entire box.
 So the only way to get the box right now is you go to traffic seekers.com.
 You buy the book and I say buy loosely because it's free.
 You just cover shipping handling.
 So it's 995 US or 995 International.
 These ship on May 5th.
 So it's a little bit delayed because the way the publishers work is you.
 Yeah, the way the publisher work you that publishing dates may fit.
 We had rolled out earlier.
 Anyway, it's a long story, but the books that's you get the book and then the audio
 book you get immediate access to.
 So you can do today.
 And then the box set is the first upsell.
 So I upgraded the box set, which I highly recommend because this is like, this is my
 life work.
 This is crazy.
 Like people say sometimes like this is my life's work.
 I literally this is my life's work.
 It's all here.
 It's in the dotcom seekers book.
 It's all my life's work about how to build funnels.
 This is the new hardbound updated version.
 There's over 30,000 new words in this.
 Actually more than that.
 This book started at 58,000 words.
 I ended the leading.
 I deleted probably 20,000, 25, 30,000 words and end up over 90,000 experts.
 The same thing if this was started at 60,000.
 I think I deleted I think I deleted 20 something thousand words and then end up being over
 90,000 almost I think this one is like 90 almost 90,000 and traffic secrets is like 94,000.
 So these are like, this is my life work.
 It's updated.
 They all work together.
 When you get these, I would highly recommend going over I listen dotcom seekers first, then
 expert then traffic.
 If you read these in the past, they've all been updated.
 They're all new.
 This is five years worth of experience re woven back into the books that's all anyway.
 So there you go.
 There's the pitch of the box that it's going to be awesome.
 So today what I want to do, I'm going to go back through traffic secrets.
 All right, traffic secrets and we're going to go dive deeper.
 So I've been reading parts of this and telling stories in this book over the last couple
 of days.
 I'm going to keep hopefully you guys enjoy this.
 If you're liking this, let me know in the comments down below.
 I'm enjoying doing it and I'm going to keep doing it if you guys like.
 Unless you're like, this is horrible Russell.
 That's one of the book of the audio book.
 I can I can stop.
 But I'm enjoying this.
 I'm in quarantine anyway.
 So might as well hang out with my friends.
 Talked about my new book.
 So all right.
 So if you go through this, the first video I talked about the preface.
 I'm going to say that.
 And I talked about how there's a storm coming and it's crazy.
 I wrote, I started writing this book two years ago.
 Who did how I would ever know that we launched this in the middle of this epidemic where
 you know, we're all staying home.
 We're all quarantine and businesses are failing left right now because of just anyway.
 I'm not going to go deep into it, but it's a scary, scary time.
 And like your ability to get customers in the door, not just like crappy customers,
 but your dream customers has everything to do with your business if it survives or
 if it doesn't, right?
 Like this is literally your life preserve.
 I'm throwing it to you right now for you to master because this is going to keep fuel,
 traffic people come into your business right now.
 And in a couple months from now, when quarantine is lifted, it'll give you the ability to thrive
 to re-draw your business like all the things happen.
 But like this is this nice like moment.
 You have to go then like master these principles and really understand them.
 So literally the introduction is called.
 There's a storm coming and now we're in the middle of the storm.
 So I'm not going to say I'm calling my shot or calling the future, but anyway, just kidding.
 All right.
 So that was the first day and then we did the book launch and then that day I had talked
 about chapter one.
 Who is your dream customer?
 We talked about away from pleasure towards pain.
 No, away from pain towards pleasure.
 Then yesterday we started talking about the searcher and the scroller.
 I understand the two differences of your dream customer.
 Are they searching or are they scrolling?
 And which network are different, right?
 Like about searching how it's like Google, YouTube, Quora, all the search platforms.
 Then the social platforms are going to do an interruption marketing like Facebook, Instagram,
 also YouTube, YouTube both, which is kind of fun.
 I want to do that.
 I understand the differences because the way we structure our funnels and our ads are different
 based on this interruption versus search.
 Now today, and we're moving into secret number two.
 Where are they hiding?
 What?
 Where are you hiding?
 Okay, so secret number one is all about figuring out who is your dream customer.
 Secret number two is figuring out where are these people actually congregating?
 Where are they hiding?
 Where are they at online?
 And so that's when we kind of go into here to talk about.
 And I'm going to read part.
 You just give my read a little bit of this?
 I don't know.
 I don't have to.
 You want me to read it?
 Be in the comments, like read it, wrestle, read some of the book because I could tell
 you the story if I already wrote it.
 It's my okay.
 I'm going to read part.
 Here we go.
 Secret number two, where are they hiding?
 One day in college, I knew I was supposed to be doing homework, but my ADHD mind couldn't
 take it anymore.
 I had to stop writing even if it was just for a few minutes.
 I looked around and make sure no one else was looking and then opened up a new tab on
 my browser.
 I started typing www.themat.com.
 And then within seconds, I was taken to a new universe.
 A universe occupied by hundreds of thousands of wrestlers just like me all around the world.
 This was our playground where we could talk about wrestling, post pictures and videos
 and debate about who is going to win every match happening in the next big tournament.
 I read a few articles and watched a video showing a new way to finish a single day takedown.
 Afterwards I went to the forums.
 Oh, I love the forums.
 Who's better?
 Dan Gable and his prime were Kale Sanderson now.
 Someone had just posted.
 Of course I had an opinion and it took everything I had to not spend the next 90 minutes writing
 my thoughtful response about how if we shrunk Kale down to Dan's size and took him in a
 time machine back to the 70s, Kale would have destroyed Dan head to head, but I knew I
 couldn't.
 My paper was due the next day and I was locked at, locked away in study hall until it was
 done.
 I closed down the tab and sat back in my chair to stretch before I made the trip back to
 reality.
 As I was leaning back, I started looking at my other wrestling friends who were locked
 away in study hall with me because of our bad grades.
 As I glanced toward us at 133 pounder and noticed a smile on his face.
 What?
 What could he be smiling about in study hall?
 As I shifted my gaze from his face to his monitor, I saw it.
 He was also on the mat.com and he was writing his comments on why he thought Dan would actually
 beat Kale.
 Then looking at the other wrestlers in the room, I decided I had to know what they were
 doing.
 I was like, I had to go to the bathroom.
 I stood up and started to walk past their desk.
 I looked at our 157 pounder screen.
 Yep.
 He was looking at the mat.com too.
 The 178 pounder, the mat.com.
 What about our heavyweight?
 He had to be actually doing his homework, right?
 Note he was also on the mat.com and as I passed his computer, I quickly read his forum
 reply that Bruce Baumgartner, two time Olympic heavyweight champ and four time Olympic medalist
 would be both Dan and Kale at the same time.
 What was he crazy?
 There's no way that Kale would have loses the Bruce.
 And that's when it hit me.
 The mat.com was our little corner of the internet.
 All the wrestlers in study hall were congregated on that website talking about wrestling,
 but we weren't the only ones.
 Wrestlers and other colleges across the country, along with high school wrestlers and their
 parents, were on the website too.
 All around the world, hundreds of thousands of people were all together in this one spot
 to talk about the topic that we love most, wrestling.
 Honestly, this is the real power of the internet.
 It allowed us to connect with like-minded people in a way that wasn't possible before.
 It allowed each of us with our unique and sometimes weird hobbies and interests to congregate
 with our people to discuss the things that meant to the most to us.
 I'm going to stop.
 What do you guys think?
 Is that getting excited?
 Oh, man.
 It's so much fun.
 I have a lot of stories in this book about that.
 But that is the power of congregations.
 So you guys have to understand.
 I'm a secret number one.
 We were identified.
 Who is our dream customer?
 And in the book, I go through a bunch of exercises that go deep into that.
 They have to know who they are, right?
 Then you have to feel unaware of these people hanging out.
 That's the real power of the internet, right?
 We fear our dream customer.
 We fear where they're congregating.
 Our job, we fear, here they are.
 Here's all the wrestlers in the world that are on these websites.
 If you're in fitness, here's all the fitness people reading these blogs that are on these
 email newsletters that are watching the following.
 This person on Instagram, this person on Facebook, or fear into cooking.
 Where are the people interested in cooking?
 Where are they already congregating?
 Our job as marketers is not to go generate traffic, right?
 People are always like, I need to create traffic.
 You know, you don't need to create traffic.
 Traffic's already there.
 People are already very congregating based on what they're interested in.
 Your job is to figure out where are those congregations and I need to come out there
 and I got to throw out my hooks in those congregations, right?
 So if I figure out there's 100,000 wrestlers here, I'm selling wrestling products, what
 do I do?
 I come over to that congregation, I throw hook in and I try to grab those people out of that.
 In fact, I have a cool image, there's no sequel image, I doodle.
 I'm a doodler, so, you know, that's what I do.
 In fact, the traffic seekers book thing has more doodles per page than any of my other
 books, but here you can check out, this is the doodle I did for this.
 So here's the world, right?
 Throughout the world, there's random people who are interested in your topic all around
 the world and they're all congregating together in a spot, right?
 So for all the wrestlers in the world, they're all congregating on the mat.com, all the internet
 marketers in one spot, all the tennis players in someone, all the people in health and
 fitness, all the people who are interested in whatever you do, cooking, cleaning, legal
 advice, whatever, like whatever your thing is, everyone's got a different thing, right?
 Whatever your thing is, all people are there and they're all congregating on certain websites.
 So your job is the marketer here is not to go create traffic.
 I come here, like, trying to drum up business, right?
 You go to the marketplace, right?
 This is the marketplace for your people.
 They're all hanging out already.
 Stephen Larson, I'm a quote later in the book we talked more about this, but he talked about
 people think that the market is their dream customers.
 Like, no, no, no, the market is not your dream customer.
 The market is where the dream customer goes, right?
 So if they wake up in the morning and, sorry, some of course, of course somebody's always
 going to try to call in the middle of Facebook Live, all right, Instagram, okay, I'm back.
 Someone tried to call.
 But you don't go to, you don't go to, like the market's not a person, you go to the market,
 right?
 Like, if I want to take my family, go to the market, we, we, we're the dream customers,
 we wake up, we drive to the market, we're there, right?
 It's like, this is the market.
 So your people are all going to, okay?
 So you have to feel where's your market and then you as a marketer, you go to the market
 and you throw in your hooks and you grab those people and pull them into your funnels and
 take them through your process, right?
 And you've already, which hooks are going to work.
 So you're throwing different hooks in here.
 So you figure out, this is the hook that grabs these people, we pull them in and then we
 go and we can serve them through our funnels, okay?
 So that's the big secret to understand who's your dream customer, then where are they hanging
 out after a figure where they're hanging out.
 Then I just go figure out how do I get their attention, like what do I do to throw out hooks,
 right?
 We talked yesterday about, about interruption marketing, right?
 So if I know that like a, my dream people, they're interested in business, they're on
 Facebook right now.
 So I know I can target their interest, like people interested in business or people interested
 in Tony Robbins or whoever, right?
 Who my dream customer, where they passionate about?
 They're interested in, then I go to Facebook or I go to YouTube or I go to Instagram or
 wherever I'm trying to go interrupt them at.
 I'm like, okay, they're all hanging out here talking about the thing.
 I'm going to interrupt them and I'm going to throw my hooks in there.
 And if I do that right, you talked about this yesterday, if I do that, throw my hook in there,
 I get their attention just for a moment, right?
 Just long enough I can tell them a story to build up the perceived value, what I have
 to offer and then I offer them the thing.
 That's magic, you guys.
 This game becomes really fun when you start understanding the principles.
 It's not difficult.
 A lot of times people think, oh, this is complicated or hard or whatever.
 It's like, no, it's really simple.
 It's like a simple one when you understand all this is really becoming super hyper clear
 on who your dream customer is.
 That's all chapter one here in the book is all about who is your dream customer.
 And it's number two, now that I know who they are, where are they congregating?
 Where are they already hanging out?
 Again, I'm not trying to create traffic.
 I feel like where's traffic already at?
 Where they already congregating?
 Where are they already hanging out at?
 Where's the market places that are already there?
 I'm going to go find those market places.
 I'm going to drive to them and throw my hooks out to try to get their attention just long
 enough I can tell them a story after telling a story.
 Having the cold stories increase the perceived value I'm selling and then I make them the
 offer.
 That is the game.
 That is the game that we are playing.
 So Josh just said, what's the advice for your 24 year old looking to get into business?
 Step number one, you need to understand business.
 I'll go get the book, read it, master it, learn it, apply it.
 After you read the book, I'll go find somebody else's business and work for free for them
 and apply these principles.
 Go drive traffic for them and like prove that you know what we're talking about.
 After you've done that and you've got some success for someone that you can go say, hey,
 I read this book.
 I know how to get traffic.
 I had to traffic for this guy for free.
 He's blown up his business right now.
 Even the middle of this economic downturn because these principles work in an up economy
 and a down economy.
 Then go and tell someone else like I did this to somebody else.
 I would love to do services for you and start doing services initially.
 If you have no idea where to start like start by mastering the skills in here and do the
 service.
 I wrote the dotcom secrets book and people from around the world learn these processes and
 some apply to their own business and some who didn't know what to do yet, took these
 and started applying to other people's businesses.
 They became funnel builders.
 They became things like that.
 We had an event last summer called unlock the secrets.
 We was a family but we had a lot of kids there and things like that.
 One of the guys there, Noah Lenz, I think 12 or 13 at the time came and spoke.
 He said, I read the dotcom secrets book.
 I listened to your podcast and started building funnels for other people.
 I asked him, I said, how much do you charge people to build a funnel for him right now?
 He said, you should charge $25,000 by stop because I had so much business.
 He's like, now I only build funnels for equity.
 I was like, you're a 13 year old kid and you only build funnels for equity for crying
 out loud and how to know and do it.
 He read the dotcom secrets book, the National funnel building.
 I've got a couple now who have read the expert secrets book and master's storyteller.
 Now they have agencies helping people build stories.
 They're going to be able to read the traffic secrets book and master it and start agents.
 If you don't know where to start yet, learn the principles, master them, understand them
 and then do them for other people.
 If you have a business, learn them a masterman doing for yourself.
 I don't care the principles work whether it's your business or somebody else's but now is
 the time to learn it.
 Ooh, someone's asking, what's in the unlock the secrets book?
 You have to find out.
 I'll give you a hint.
 I'll do something amazing.
 Anyway, so there's some hints about section number two here, secret number two.
 I think if I'm going deeper today, who's your dream customer?
 Where are they hiding?
 Yeah, I'll go deeper tomorrow into, yeah, these chapters along, there's a lot of cool
 stuff out of tons of doodles you can see in here.
 So I will wrap it for today.
 Tomorrow we're going to start talking about now who's your dream customer?
 We're really targeting tomorrow.
 We're going to get to the next concept which is called dream 100.
 And some of you guys know, think you know what that means.
 I'm going to tell you what it actually means.
 We're going to walk to that tomorrow.
 So it'll be fun.
 Anyway, if you guys don't have a copy of your book yet, it is time.
 They're flying off the shelves.
 They're free.
 You just cover the shipping, handling their traffic seekers.com and you can go get it.
 On top of that, there's a bunch of amazing insane bonuses.
 In fact, I wish I could scroll down on my computer back here.
 If you scroll down, there's some crazy bonuses.
 An hour long presentation I did at Funnawacking.live teaching about traffic secrets.
 You can immediately start watching it.
 There's a video there from Prince EA, the man who had over 3 billion views on his videos.
 His presentation is one of the bonuses there to show you how to make videos that go viral.
 Pain June, who did a presentation Funnawacking.live, about how he spends a weekend and builds all
 of his process.
 He spends a weekend and records a bunch of videos.
 And that is all of the assets used to drive traffic from every platform.
 There's a bunch of bonus presentations in there.
 I think it's like four or five hours of bonus presentations.
 You can immediately, the second you get the book.
 I could easily sell each of those for 97 bucks by themselves.
 You get them for free when you get the book for free.
 So it's like, if you hate free, then don't get the book.
 But if you like free, you should go to traffic seekers.com and get your copy of the book.
 And then for any of you guys who are like, I want to get this into my head today.
 I'm sitting on a board.
 The audiobook, this book doesn't shift until May 5th because we're going through an amazing
 publisher, Hey House.
 The pub date, I've never written a book for this.
 The pub date, the pub date is May 5th.
 Two days ago, March 17th was the first of all to talk about this and start doing pre-orders
 and May 5th is a day of ship.
 So we're in pre-order phase right now.
 But the good news is I spent three days in a studio reading this entire book and the
 audiobook is available right now.
 So you can go and get it today.
 It is the order form bump.
 So when you get the free book, if you want to upgrade and get the audiobook and start
 listening to it right now, and you can dump all this info into your brain without waiting
 any longer.
 So anyway, that's kind of fun.
 I hope you enjoy this.
 Those of you who are in quarantine, go give this stuff and you got something to study
 with your wife and your kids and your family, your spouse, your significant other, whatever
 it is, your business partners.
 You can go start watching this stuff right now and start understanding these principles.
 Now there's this weird time where the nation of the world is all pausing for a second.
 And you can pause and go Netflix and chill or you can stop and use this time to get this
 information into your brain so you can master it so that when the economy, when we have
 this chance to start going full out again in the economy, you'll be able to succeed.
 So now is the time you guys.
 Okay.
 Someone said, "Do you think the book is free?"
 Yes.
 So my hard cost on these books is a lot.
 I paid for the entire hard cost.
 I have to pay a shipping house to ship them.
 So there's people that take them, they put them in the box, they put the potions in the
 postman, take these things, they do the process and then some guy walks to your house and
 hand delivers it.
 So you've got to cover those costs.
 I covered the cost for printing this book.
 I paid for it.
 It is 300 and it's a big book.
 327 pages.
 So I paid for that.
 You do have to pay for shipping now because I'm not going to do everything for you.
 If you're not willing to pay for someone to come hand deliver it to your house, this
 is not going to be the right business for you.
 You're going to struggle in all things in life, especially running a business.
 So, but if you're going to pay 10 bucks to get this thing hand delivered to your house
 from the US Postal Office, there you go.
 All you gotta do is go to traffic seekers.com and get your copy now.
 Anyway, with that said, you guys, I appreciate you all.
 Thank you so much for everything.
 You guys are awesome and I'm having so much fun sharing these traffic seekers with you
 guys.
 Now is the time to double down.
 Master this skill.
 Learn it.
 Understand it for yourself or other people's business, whatever it is.
 Like this is a skill set.
 If you master this and understand it and learn it, it'll serve you for the rest of your
 life, no matter what business you are in.
 Okay.
 We always say that the people that can drive traffic and business are the rainmakers.
 They can make it rain.
 If you can make it rain, you can write your own paycheck the rest of your life.
 Whether it be your own business and you go in there and you make it rain for your own
 business or you do it for other people's businesses.
 The rainmakers are the ones who can do anything.
 They set them on paychecks.
 They negotiate.
 The person can come into business and say, "Your business is struggling?
 I can try on the rain."
 Okay.
 Well, how much does it cost?
 I just want 20% of your business.
 I can't do that.
 Well, you're going to go under otherwise.
 Okay.
 Well, make it rain.
 You can make it rain and you can get equity and companies.
 The skill set will be the most valuable thing you can learn and you're getting it for $10
 of shipping and handling.
 This is 15 years of my life work about everything and about how to get traffic and it's all
 here for you guys today.
 So anyway, I appreciate you guys.
 Go to Trafisteors.com and get it.
 Oh, and if you want, again, the order form bump, you can get the audio books I'll listen
 today.
 The upsell is this entire huge box set where if you want, you can get the Doccom Secrets
 Expert Secrets Traffic Secrets book and the Unlock The Secrets Workbook to go with it.
 For those of you who don't want to know, Doccom Secrets is the first book I wrote.
 This is, in fact, if you look at the subtitles, I'll go through subtitles because they help
 you not to stand with how they all work together.
 Doccom Secrets is the underground playbook for growing your company online with sales
 funnels.
 This is the new updated hardbound version.
 It's almost twice the biggest original version and the only place you got a hardbound version
 right now is the upsell at Trafisteors.com.
 Number two is Expert Secrets, which is the underground playbook for converting your online
 visitors and lifelong customers.
 So this one's how to build funnels.
 This is how to communicate to people when they come to your funnels.
 You notice all my pages, there's videos, there's presentations, there's scenes that are
 happening, there's ads that are happening.
 How do you communicate?
 How do you use persuasion?
 How do you master story selling?
 Things like that.
 That's what this book's all about.
 Number two, this is not about how to go on stage and speak for a million people.
 This is about how to master your message and putting on your online platform, aka your
 funnels.
 So now to build funnels and communicate inside the funnels.
 And then number three here is how to get traffic or people into those funnels, into
 said funnels.
 So these three work hand in hand to help you to grow your company, which one's my favorite.
 They're all my favorite.
 I bled, bled, sweat and tears to get these to you.
 So this is 15, 16, 17 years of my life work all put into here.
 And then unlock the secrets is your underground playbook for scaling your company to the two
 com club and beyond.
 This is a workbook that will go with you other books.
 As you are going through .com secrets, you'll be filling out the blanks and getting all
 the stuff here.
 As you're going through expert secrets, you'll be filling out the blanks.
 And so become your workbook for your business.
 Okay?
 So as you're learning these concepts and principles, this becomes where you document and write
 them down your thoughts, your ideas, and this will become your playbook for you to
 be able to go and dominate and take over the world, whatever world it is that you
 are serving your business, your people.
 So there you go.
 There's the box set and the again, you ship may 5th, but you can preorder right now at
 traffic seekers.com to get the book.
 The only way to get the box set right now is the upsell inside of the book.
 So go traffic seekers.com, get the book, upgrade to the seekers box.
 All this entire English it may fit, but the audio books available now.
 Plus there's been insane bonuses is like five hours of video bonuses just when you get
 the book and a bunch of other cool things.
 So now was the time my friends.
 Yeah, you can get the audio book.
 Yes, I prefer audio.
 I listen to it.
 Yes, you got to look right now, but you got to go traffic seekers.
 So I come to get it.
 So all right guys, that's all I got for today.
 I'll back tomorrow to share with you guys more from secret number two, which is all
 about the dream 100, which is next step in this process.
 So thanks you guys.
 Appreciate you all.
 Have an amazing day and we'll talk soon.
 Everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people
 who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay.
 Now the phone number you text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to
 my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then
 we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
