 Hey everybody hope you guys are doing amazing today. It's Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast in today's episode
 I want to rewrite what all of our parents have been telling us for generations upon generations
 And hopefully save me and you and our kids from the same frustration because we fix this. I think we'll fix everything else
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable. That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so this is my thoughts today. I hope you don't mind me sharing with me you, but
 we talk about
 inside of our community we talk about
 the fact that I believe
 each and every one of us is called to serve a group of people, right?
 It's like I for me. I was called to serve entrepreneurs, right?
 And so I figured like who am I on who do people such to serve their entrepreneurs?
 And then it's like well, there's a lot of entrepreneurs in the world like who are my who are my entrepreneurs, right?
 It's like my entrepreneurs are funnel hackers
 And I give them a name and a title and a belief in a and all kind of stuff, right?
 And it was interesting because soon as I knew like oh, here's who I serve. These are my people
 This is this is what I'm supposed to serve then everything else came really easy, right?
 Like then it was like well, what do these people need?
 Well, they need this and need this and then the idea is the products of services the events the couch and calls the podcast like all the things
 Like became easy when I first identified like who am I called to serve and then giving those people a name?
 So they're my specific people because saying like I serve entrepreneurs is tough because
 There's a lot of people serve entrepreneurs. Not like fighting and competing against everybody else
 But it's like not all entrepreneurs. I serve my entrepreneurs my funnel hackers, right?
 And so it's interesting though because I was talking today
 with some people and
 You know, there's a phrase that we hear all the time like when we're when we're kids
 It's like what do you want to be when you grow up people like oh, I want to be a dentist
 I want to be a doctor. I want to be a football player. I want to be we talk about who we want to be
 Right, but you think about like how we actually make money how we actually start businesses
 It's not about who we want to be it's about who we want to serve
 Right, it's like this little thing and so instead of like with our kids ask them like what do you want to be when you grow up?
 What do you want to be when you grow up or asking?
 You know the kids who described you high school
 What do you want to be someday when you you have to college where you get like what do you want to be?
 I think the ask the question of what do what do I want to be?
 Senses on a wrong path, right? I want to be a dentist like you how do you be dentists?
 Well, you got to go to you know school here and then you go to school here and then when all that's done
 Then you become a dentist and then you get your dental degree now you're able to clean people's teeth, right?
 And then they're like cool now you can clean people's teeth the question's like well who do you serve?
 And you're like I don't even know like I'm a dentist like I just like everybody probably right
 And it just puts you on this long long long long long path
 That before you ever get to like the real question, which is who are you called to serve?
 I think we start switching around like oh who do you want to serve like who are your people?
 Who's your tribe? Who's your whatever you want to call it, right?
 And so looking at that standpoint it changes everything right?
 It changes like how you start looking at this business and starts changing all the different things
 Um, it's my question for you is you're starting this this journey wherever you are
 Is not so much like what do you want to be when you grow up?
 And I've asked myself that a lot, but it's like who do you want to serve when you grow up, right?
 Who is the group of people that you're the most passionate about who is it that?
 You know like if you woke up every morning and be like, okay, this is the group I get I get to serve
 It would it would change everything for you, right?
 And then if you have that and you have that person and you figure out like what's your name for that group?
 Like who are your people?
 Then like all the ideas start flowing easier, right?
 I think when I first got started in this business
 And I talk about this a little bit in the dot-com secrets book for those who have read it
 If you haven't read the new updated version by the way, please go get it. I promise it's worth getting the new updated one
 Um, but uh, I talked about how
 Um, I started my business like what I was focusing on was like what do I want to create?
 Right? It's like I want to create this product in this product again
 The question a lot of people kind of chased down but it put you on a really weird path
 So it's like well, I want to create a product that does this because I had this idea
 I want to create a product that does this right?
 So started creating these different products. I thought that was the path
 I started creating them I was selling them and you know luckily I was able to figure out the process
 I started making money
 But it was like by default what I created it attracted a certain audience, right?
 And because I didn't ask like who do I want to serve?
 I just said I want to what I want to create and I just created this thing
 And then by default what I created attracted a certain type of people to me, right?
 It's like bait
 It's like I'm not a fisher but I went fishing one time and I remember there's like different bait, right?
 Like if I want to catch
 I don't even know the names of fish so embarrassing if I want to catch a
 a big fish if I want to catch a trout or a
 salmon or whatever there's different bait, right?
 And the bait you throw out attracts different fish to you, okay?
 I have no idea if that analogy is actually true, maybe I just made it up
 But I think it is and if not you guys get the gist, right?
 Same thing like the bait you put out into the world attracts different people
 And so because I led with like what's the bait I want to create, right?
 What's the idea I have? What's the bait?
 I started doing that, I started throwing this bait out
 Not knowing what it's going to attract and I was just like oh my gosh, I attracted trout
 And I'm like oh I actually hate trout, right?
 Or I hate salmon or whatever your your version of that
 In the dot-com secrets book I talk about that how I woke up one day
 And I was laying in bed and I was like I wish I had a boss when he could fire me
 Because this is miserable like I am not enjoying this experience at all
 Like it was it was such a bad thing, right?
 And so um if you remember the the default like what I shifted is I shifted away from like
 Like what I want to create to who I want to serve
 Like who is my dream customer?
 I wish I would have led with that I never did
 And most people don't we lead with what I want to be when I grow up
 What I want to create here's an idea I had, right?
 And all those things send you on a path but it's not a direct path
 The direct path is who I want to serve
 Then they go find those people and figure out what they actually need
 And how they want to be served, right?
 Because you come in with the product that people don't actually want
 No one's going to buy it and then like it doesn't work for you, right?
 And you're frustrated like oh this business thing doesn't work
 Oh my great I didn't work like you don't need to have great ideas
 This business is not not being super hyper creative
 Like that's not going to help you much as you think it will
 Like oh rest of you so creative no no no I'm not that creative
 I just really get it knowing exactly what I'm serving
 And I pay close attention to what they want
 That's it, right? Pay attention
 That's where the podcast episodes come from
 That's where the books come from
 That's where the software comes from
 Like all those things are just coming back to
 Who's my dream customer?
 Like who am I called to serve?
 And then how do I serve?
 Like what do they want?
 What do they need?
 And I pay attention and then that's what we create
 That's what we go and do
 So I want you guys to understand that because
 Again I think so many times we look at it wrong
 Like I think instead of asking our kids
 You know what do you want to do when you grow up
 We should ask our kids like who do you want to serve when you grow up?
 Like who do people get you pumped up?
 You know, right?
 And I just recently finished the Phil Knight's book Shoot Dog
 Like his people were athletes
 Like he loved athletes
 He was an athlete
 He wanted to serve athletes, you know
 And if you haven't read Shoot Dog yet by the end of the book
 It's really cool he starts
 You know and they might be the epilogue
 I was listening to audiobooks I'm not sure
 Anyway, but at the end of the book
 He starts telling stories about dinner with Michael Jordan
 And this guy and this guy all these athletes
 Right? And it's like he served his athletes at the highest level
 To the point where like, you know, the who's who of athletes
 Like had him at their weddings
 Had him at their funerals
 Had him at all these different things
 Because he figured out who he was going to serve
 And then he focused on that
 Right? And he built a shoe company in a clothing line
 And all these things because
 He knew exactly who he was serving
 And how to make the product better than anybody else
 I think for you as if you come back the same foundational things
 Like who were you called to serve?
 Right? Not what I want to be when I grow up
 Not like, oh I had this idea for product
 Or oh, which I create
 It's like, no, who don't want to serve
 And then if you come with that since your heart
 They will tell you
 You will see it, especially online
 Like you see it in the Facebook post
 It's not positive or negative
 I see it in the comments
 You know, every time I post a podcast
 I see the comments
 And where I see the lack of comments
 I post some episodes when nobody responds
 I'm like, I guess that's not what they needed
 Other ones blow up
 And I'm like, okay, people like that
 I should go deeper on it
 Let me share more things, right?
 I'm using this community
 Texting app where I text out the audience
 And like, I can see like what things
 Get responsible, things don't
 And I pay attention
 Like, I don't have it
 It's funny
 Those who have seen me using this texting app
 Texting platform is pretty cool
 In fact, let me pause for a moment
 To insert a tiny ad
 To make sure you are on this texting platform
 And I come back, I'll tell you the cool thing I'm doing with it
 Hey everyone, I wanted to quickly interrupt
 This podcast episode to let you know about something
 Really cool that I just started doing
 That I want you to be part of
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions
 And right now I'm spending anywhere
 Between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 Answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so, I wanted you to stop everything you're doing
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone number you need text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797
 When you text me, just say hello
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message
 Where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations
 On top of that, through this texting community
 So I'm going to be giving you a free swag
 Giving you away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings
 About times I'm coming to your local area
 And a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list
 On top of that, every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes
 My favorite frameworks and things
 You can get for free only through my texting platform
 So, what you need to do right now is
 Play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797
 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 Okay, so as you see, you guys have a chance to text me
 And then the message comes to my personal phone
 Which is pretty cool
 And first, the first week I was doing really good at answering
 Every message and then it blew up
 And it's getting thousands and thousands of people to tell
 And I can't keep up
 But I used to spend about anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes a day
 Answering's made questions as I can
 Which has been really fun
 So I may be personally answering your question
 Hopefully I'll have a chance to
 But the cooler thing is that
 Every time I send a message out, I can see
 The response is to that message
 So, every day, I look at the day before
 I look at the message and then I scroll through
 And I see what things say at chords
 What things people are looking for
 Things are complaining about
 And this is like my market research
 Daily
 I get a daily text message from all my dream customers
 Tell them what they want, what they don't want
 And even if I don't respond to them all, I read them all
 Right
 And so again, I have my pulse
 I feel the pulse of the market
 So many times, I get inside the ClickFunnels team as well
 I think I drive them crazy
 Because they're all planners, right?
 They want a plan, what's happening
 What emails go on, the sequences, all sorts of stuff
 And I'm like, you understand, if we plan ahead of time
 We miss the pulse of the market
 Right
 Like, what's the plan for next year?
 Like, the plan for next year is to
 Fill the pulse of the market
 See what they want and serve them
 Like, that's where we're going
 It's not like, okay, well Q2, we're going to do this
 Q5, we're going to do this Q10
 You know, next year we're going to do
 Like, it's like, no, no, no, like
 Pay attention to the market and let them tell you what you do
 Yeah, so they drive them crazy
 Because they do a campaign and they're like
 Okay, we have 12 emails
 It's right, these 12 emails
 I'm like, you can't write them right now
 Like, why not? Like, let's get ahead of it
 I'm like, because we have to fill the pulse of the market
 What are they saying to us, right?
 We need to be shifting our message based on what's happening
 What's happening, the feedback that we're sponsoring
 If we're not doing that, we're not truly serving our audience
 Right, we're trying to write an email sequence
 Right, we're trying to create a product
 We're trying to do a webinar
 Like, no, no, no, no, no, that's not how this game works
 If you want to be good at this game
 Right, it's coming back to the foundation
 Who's your dream customer?
 How can I serve them?
 Paying attention, watching, listening
 And they'll tell you everything they want
 Which is pretty cool
 So, I hope they helped, I hope they helped to kind of shift some of you guys who are struggling
 My guess, again, for me, I struggled
 My first 5 or 6 years in business
 Because I was chasing the product or the idea I had
 As opposed to the customers I wanted to serve
 And it was crazy for me
 And you guys probably heard this part of the story
 But when I shifted that, I said, okay, no longer am I going to create products
 They're my good ideas
 And so, I'm going to figure out who's my dream customer
 And figure out what they would want
 And I made that mental shift
 And it was like, who did we create?
 And the very first product we created
 Was my book "Hundrednate Split Test Winners"
 Which some of you guys have have a copy of that book
 And what's crazy about that is
 I was so scared to create that book
 I knew that my existing audience
 The people who I was serving, I didn't love them
 I knew they wouldn't want to buy that book
 They wouldn't want to buy it
 And I even tried, I put the book up
 I sent an email out to my existing customers
 And none of them came
 Like, I sold a few copies, I was like, okay, that sucks
 This is like my best material
 This is like stuff that people would die for
 And they weren't interested
 And I realized that I was serving it on a customer
 And so, what's cool is that this new thing I created
 I created it for my dream customer
 For the person I wanted to get into my world
 I launched it, I put it out there
 I started buying ads to it
 And guess what had eventually happened
 My dream customers, they heard my voice
 And they came to me
 And that's how we built the list
 And then from there we built ClickFunnels
 And from there we built the funnel hacking
 Movement, my funnel hackers
 And everything else we've done
 But it all started with who do we want to serve?
 And then what bait do we create to attract that person?
 And that's how we changed the game
 So, at least change it for me
 And if you listen, it's probably for you as well
 So, hope this helps, hope you enjoy this
 If you guys got anything in this episode
 Please take a screenshot on your phone
 Post it on social, tag me on it
 And tell me your biggest takeaway
 I love to read those, I see them
 I read them
 And you'll see me, I usually like them
 If I see them
 Anyway, I appreciate that
 Thanks you guys for everything
 And I'll talk to you guys all again soon
 Bye, everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again
 And really quick, I wanted to invite you
 To join, arguably the best thing that we've ever put out
 Inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life
 They're one funnel away from something
 Some of you guys are one funnel away
 From quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel away
 From getting more impact
 Some of you guys are funnel away from growing your company
 To the next level
 And so, we created this challenge
 To help you to create and launch your first
 Or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is going to help you
 To help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand the tactics
 Help you understand
 All the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So, I recommend you do right now
 You stop everything
 Pause this audio
 Go online and go to OneFunnelWay.com
 That's OneFunnelWay.com
 And join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days
 So go get started right now
 OneFunnelWay.com
