 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 I just jumped in my in the wrong car
 I'm just gonna be moving from this car into the other car as we start this thing off and
 My guess is already turning out to be in a basic day
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody welcome back now. I'm in the Jeep and much better driving experience here
 Our house in the middle of a remodel thing and saw the cars are out and I just jumped in the wrong one and my both my keys
 Renice have started anyway long story, but I want to jump into something really cool and important and special for all the guys today
 so I was talking about like how to
 How to be smart about doing deals with people
 in the last few months there have been a couple domains that I
 have wanted and needed somewhere based on our trademarks or based on other things and
 And sometimes people are cool. You're like how about a domain like sure here you can buy it
 But what's happened now? I think three times not once that's why I spent rice is
 Someone's on the domain and we're like hey can we buy the domain and they know who I am right?
 So the first thing to do is like oh and they're like they're greedy chops and they're like yeah
 I'll give it to you like literally one guy who wants to give me a domain for a million and 1.3 million dollars
 Insane and it's like not even that good domain, but it's like one that it's a trademark term
 We have and as I do like I'm not gonna be 1.3 million dollars
 But there's domain he's like well must have a one I want to set up a relationship with you guys
 I'm like well
 This is not the way to do it by extorting me for 1.3 million dollars like you're more on same thing happen with other domain
 with this person was like negotiating when we're trying to get like
 Same thing I knew I was and and it was it was a branded domain of something they like
 We can get our lawyers to get but I'm just trying to be nice to them and like hey like
 Can we buy it from you? You can't use it?
 You know it's something that that would mean a lot to me and they're like oh well
 We'll do it for this but and like insane like numbers and things and negotiation and it was fun
 It's all three people all three of them said that they had the domain because they they wanted to um to build a relationship with me
 yet, then they tried to like
 Like blackmail me into paying them a bunch of money for this domain
 I was like that is literally the worst possible way you could ever build a relationship like all I want to do from this point forward is
 like I
 Can't say that loud because it'll be on public record someday. It's just I don't want to make any nice people right
 It's so we're like if I ever see you hear the names again
 I'll have an instant bad taste in my mouth and it's just like the worst possible way to build a relationship
 Okay, so I say that on the one side
 Okay, all three people who who have these domains or people who are struggling who wanted to build a relationship
 I thought that I could they had a relationship with me would change everything right, but then they went about it completely wrong now
 Flip to the other side of the coin some of you guys know Alex Becker
 so Alex Becker is the dude who's super successful. He's got multiple seven figure companies and a figure company and just a smart smart dude, right and
 I message him because he's got this the software platform. That's really cool
 And I was like hey man your software is cool. I'm like like
 Like custom code you guys wrote is a script
 He's like oh no, we custom built it and I told me that I was like cool and
 And then I was like well, I'm building something almost identical
 I will literally be a competitor of yours and I was like beers is awesome
 I'm like kind of license it from you and he was like hey
 How about this if we can jump on to a 30 minute call talking about your book funnel
 I'll just give the you the whole thing for free. I was like what are you seriously like?
 Yeah, man
 No license if he's necessary I'll just give to you for free because I let pick your brain for 30 minutes now
 Look at the two opposite ends of the spectrum
 Okay, Alex it easily like dude. No, you're more on like where we will be direct competitors
 you'll be taking money out of my pocket but stays like no on a build relationship with you if you do a call from me
 I will give it to you for free and just
 Made it the super cool exciting. Well now every time I see Alex Becker every time I see his face pop up in a news feed
 Or YouTube ad or anything. I'll be like that dude is awesome
 I will never forget it and someday down the line. He's like hey man
 Can you do this one weird thing for me and I'll be like you know what you are awesome
 I have a good taste in my mouth every time I see your name because you treated me well like because you actually wanted to build
 relationship and you were smart about you didn't blackmail me or try to like make it tough or make the deal hard
 You're just like you know what?
 And the Russell wants this
 I'm just gonna give it to him because something good could happen in the future and it was just an easy way to do it
 And I want to stress like how important that is
 For me as on the receiving end of it. I know how it makes me feel
 On the giving and those are the type things I try to do as well
 Like I'm always trying to like pay attention those things like hey
 I could try to get some money from this person or I could just do them a favor and doing them a favor
 For me and for all you should be worth a heck of a lot more than than the money, right?
 And so anyway, I just want to share with you guys because
 Everyone's got opportunities to make an impression and it's happening all the time
 And if there's somebody who who you'd want to work with who you can help in some way
 Don't try to like blackmail them to to get money or whatever like be smart about like give it to build relationship like a legitimate
 relationship by being awesome and do something cool because that way that's how you
 That's how you build the relationships the right way. So anyway, that's all I got
 I'm going to the office today. We just had a whole planning meeting with Stu McLaren on this new thing
 We're doing it so exciting and you guys are freak out
 I worked on my book last night the traffic seekers book has officially begun. I've been I was doodling all night last night
 Which was fun and so many cool things I wish I could share with you all
 But you'll see him you'll start seeing them unfold over the next few months and over next year
 But some really cool amazing things so
 That's what I'm giving you right now. All right guys. Appreciate you all have an amazing day and
 We'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
