 What's up everybody? It's a late night. Late night at Market Seeker's podcast,
 Almond Pool House, for a head into bed. I got something for you. So the big
 question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our
 adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we mark it in a
 way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we
 believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable? That was the
 question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson
 and welcome to Marketing Seeker's.
 Alright everybody so it's been a fun day, long day and I'm beat up and tired and
 ready to go pass out but out here trying to get a bottle of water because I am
 parched. We're about probably three or four weeks away from our kitchen being
 done with our remodels. We can go back into our house which is going to be oh so
 nice. I can't wait. So typically it's interesting. This is kind of an off-topic
 sort of ston topic though. So typically when I'm doing everything throughout the
 day I really really really really good. So I do intermittent fasting so I don't
 eat breakfast in the morning. I take about a billion vitamins and supplements
 in the morning. I feel like I'm glowing. I feel tons of energy. I feel really really
 good. When I do eat during the day, Melanie, my sister makes me this huge
 salad. It's like a I don't know like a 1600 calorie salad with spinach and kale
 and salmon and peppers and oil and avocados and it's like the most amazing
 they ever eat that all day long and then I'm full and I'm hungry the rest of
 the day and and then at night I'll eat just whatever my wife makes all the meat
 and the vegetables out of it and that's it and I feel really really good and I
 get through the days and just like I can get so much stuff done. I was
 joking on the earlier podcast about funnel years how each each funnel
 days each year's a each day's a funnel year anyway how much stuff we can get
 done today. Anyway today was Saturday and my wife had a church thing that she
 was gonna be at all day so I was playing dad so it's more I woke up and started
 good and then my wife bought Lucky Charms Lucky Charms. I don't know about you but
 that's by far the best cereal in the history of cereal mankind. In fact when I
 was a kid we used to Lucky Charms then we found out we could get Marce
 Mel's and then at the end drinking all the milk with the Marce Mel's is
 insanely good. In fact last year for Christmas I trained my kids on how to do
 that because the tradition has now been officially passed on. Anyway for some
 insane reason my wife didn't just buy Marce Mel's mades she bought freaking
 Lucky Charms which are the best thing ever she bought two boxes of them so
 today I might eat my supplements and look over I see a box of Lucky Charms, I'm
 like I don't got enough willpower to stop myself from Lucky Charms so yeah I
 just I don't that and cookie though I can't say no I won't even attempt it so I
 don't even try it so I'm like done boom one more Lucky Charms two
 Lucky Charms and then for me it's like a slippery slope I'm like well Marley I'm
 already on a carb binge stay in my eyes will just go all out so then yeah so
 then for lunch I was like hey kids I got to eat so I went to hamburger place I
 made hamburgers and french fries and I ate every else's french fries are really
 good and then I came home and then I was like barely came out my eyes open like
 my whole body's like shutting down I'm like getting my eyes open and then in my
 wife gets home and she's tired she's been you know some emotional thing all
 they crying rise out and everything and then kids are like we're hungry and like
 like we want pizza I'm like sweet get my phone with the order Domino's pizza and
 chicken wings and like that was like amazingly good and then yeah and then
 tonight there's a wedding reception so went over and they had cheesecake so like
 today was a car to head down to the car but it's funny because I am now walking
 back in to go to bed and I just want to just kind of more mostly for me and
 help you as well I feel like crap my voice hurts my throat hurts my brain hurts
 I like brain fog I can't focus I can't concentrate I feel like oh my body hurts
 like my legs hurt I get just like feeling and I know there's a lot of
 entrepreneurs who are like that's the fuel you're putting in your body most
 days like if I put that much if I put that fuel my body I don't know how you
 get anything done like I got nothing done today other than playing with the kids
 like I feel like crap I feel like garbage anyway so yeah I just wanted to put it
 out there because first off for me to remember like what I feel like now a lot
 of times we associate the pleasure on our taste buds with the food we like we
 lucky charters like this day so good but I want to like constantly remember this
 like oh I feel right now because I want to associate this with carbs so I quit
 eating them because god they just thrash you and destroy you and make you feel
 like garbage and then yeah so those you guys don't compete against please keep
 being crap I love it makes me make so I can get done more in a week than you get
 done in a day but for the rest of you guys who I'm coaching and consulting and
 I want you to succeed look at your diet seriously shift how you're eating if
 you're trying to figure out how to eat for energy a couple things I'd recommend
 number one Google intermittent fasting that'll change your entire day around
 even if you're not trying lose weight just from shifting to don't eat in the
 morning you know fats in the afternoon the carbs the night it'll keep your
 tight energy high throughout the day so you can compete and do well and then the
 bulletproof diet is really really good and mostly I don't have more and so I
 don't drink coffee but there's different ways to make that and anyway Dave
 Asprey his whole mission is stuff is really really good love his stuff minus
 the coffee so yeah but you can do bulletproof other things in the morning if you
 want or you do coffee if that's what you like to do as well but I hope concept
 high fats strongly strong believe in that it's been a huge thing that's helped me
 succeed as an entrepreneur and then the last one is Anthony de Clemente's
 biohackers guide which is an amazing book gives ten ways eat for energy and
 other things for energy as well so anyway it's just some help you guys if
 you're struggling if you're hard to get through the days and it's hard to
 focus and I've concentration and you want to just go out there and thrash
 everyone like think about the fuel you're putting your body because this right
 now how I feel right now is a testament of what lucky charms the devil I think
 I think I also like charms for dinner maybe that's a bunch to yeah box number
 two is almost gone look at the same flows watching me they got lucky charms you
 kidding me so I don't like my wife to go shopping sometimes she buys all the
 good stuff but I can't say no to anyway so just think about that the fuel you're
 putting your bodies is affecting how you're you're competing so this is a game
 this this business is a game it's competition and I know that the athletes
 out there understand that but a lot of people who maybe not been athletes don't
 understand that you're a competition you're competing with people like me who
 are obsessed with this kind of stuff and what you put in your body doesn't
 matter so look at that figured out even if you don't want to lose weight it doesn't
 matter losing weight it's about keeping your brain sharp eight ten twelve hours
 a day so you can get a lot of crap done and accomplish what you want to do so
 you can serve people you need to serve so there you guys hope it helps we're
 going to bed tonight the crash and tomorrow the back on cue because I got a
 big week coming up if I survive this week it's gonna be 90% diet 10%
 motivation 30% inspiration and a whole bunch of happy thoughts in the middle
 yeah that's not a hundred percent that's way over anyway it's gonna be fun
 alright guys I'm out see you tomorrow one more marketing secrets if so then
 go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert
 secrets and you get a free copy at experts secrets calm and book number
 two is called comm secrets and you get your free copy at comm secrets comm
 inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become
 the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
