 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome to marketing secrets podcast. I'm sorry
 I had to jump in while I'm driving. I apologize
 Check it out. I just went my buddy made me a bunch of homemade pizzas and some crystal root beer and head back to go
 I have dinner with my kids and
 Just something my brain I had to stop and give you guys some marketing secrets
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so
 This marking secret. I don't even know. I don't even know what to go
 This is kind of a little mini-rant. It's not a big rant, but it's like a I feel bad for people who
 Stop learning
 If you stop learning
 So if okay, I'm trying to like tell you a story that like telling on the people who are
 missing everything
 So I don't know okay, so I'm building click fun. Let's try it
 So as I'm building click fun as I'm looking around I'm like okay who out there is doing what I want to do
 Right, so I find those people I look what they're doing. I study them. I follow hack
 Am I look deep I geek out I buy their books and listen to their podcast. I like go to their events
 I like buy everything that they've got I am like hook to every possible communication channel
 They have so things are going on watching studying learning growing tweaking adjusting based on that right and I'm watching it over and over and over and over again
 Right and not just like people direct competitors with me
 But like people that are that are selling sat like I'm a sass
 Software company owner, right? And I'm also a book selling person and I'm doing webinars and courses
 So anybody doing any variation that I'm connected to all of these things right?
 And so I am constantly like my all-seeing eye is watching what every single person is doing
 Okay, and I'm learning and I'm learning and I'm learning I'm trying tweaking to learn
 You know and then I'm also like as I'm learning I'm testing it inside my inner circle inside now to come a clip expert program
 I'm testing it on always in the people because I'm like okay. I see how they're doing it
 I'm gonna try see if it works and then I want like I want to test the stuff on
 Other people other business and other industry see if it also works there as well
 And then and then so that they're all going out and doing it and then they're finding out their tweaks
 They're tweeting they're coming back to me. You're like oh Russell. I made this week and made this change
 I'm like oh and I'm learning stuff and like it's this constant like I don't know the circle of learning right and so
 I have some really close friends
 And this isn't one specific thing I'm thinking of two different people right now
 who've been in this game for a long time as long as me if not longer and
 And it's not just one person other groups of people right so first group of people like they have been
 They they're amazing marketers like I've learned so much from them so much so much so much
 Okay, but in the last like three or four years for some reason that they took their foot off the break or something or off the gas
 I don't know and then they went and they're trying to launch like a competing software company, which is totally cool
 I love competition more than anybody right and so I'm like freaking out because I'm like hey for the last three years
 I've published every single thought I've had about how we've grown click funnel some zero to a hundred million dollars
 How are six to thousand active customers now how we did like I haven't really I'm not very good at keeping secrets
 Somebody asked me the other day like you're also you keep a secret. I'm like no
 I'm the worst secret keeper ever every brain fart I get turns into a podcast like right now right every idea
 That's a secret right into a book. I've got like eight books. They're all something secrets like I don't I don't I won't keep a secret like
 Honestly, if you tell me something it'll be on a podcast eventually. So just don't tell me something the secret, right?
 So everything about out there. So like I'm kind of nervous like oh man these guys who are amazing markers already
 Are gonna come out there and keep with me like I
 Don't know
 You would have thought that over the last three years they've been listening to me as I laid the blueprint for everything that we did
 And then they would have modeled but instead
 Like
 It's basic stuff basic stuff that all you guys listen to podcast is like common sense
 You'd be like oh duh like the much mean an improvement offer versus new opportunity like like they missed that
 That was the biggest thing like it's just like came out I was like
 Expert secrets like 30 pages in if you had read my book you would have known that the way you structured
 The entire offer and the and the company was like was wrong
 But they didn't they missed it and I even commented to one of them
 I was like hey like by the way like thanks for totally like doing it wrong and like what are you talking about like we thought the offer was awesome like
 Okay, the offer was good, but it was an improvement offer therefore click funnels beat you once again like I don't I don't
 It's just weird and then
 another one of my friends is
 Just same thing like these these things that are like
 basic common knowledge now amongst all of our people like that we've discovered and unearthed and then like preached about for three years that
 That like the reason why I'm looking at our two comic a members that are just pounding out offers and cranking it and growing companies
 I'm looking at our two comic book X people like all these people that are scaling and growing and like building amazing companies
 It's like because they're just paying attention to the stuff that we're laying down and then they're following it
 Whereas people that are they're competing against me. Thankfully aren't paying any attention
 Close my mind. I listened to a lot of podcasts to you, right?
 And especially ones that are deep in the software industry and I'm watching them today
 What are the software people doing and it's funny because my first guy started like I was learning a bunch of stuff now
 It's like this weird thing where it's like our company has scaled so far past
 Almost any sass I can find out their sales forces like the last one
 I'm really intimately studying because there's no one else is kind of
 The pace that we are just getting different more
 You know as you grow it gets more and more difficult to find the new ideas and things like that
 But sales forces one I'm geeking out now because they're like 10 step ahead of me
 But it's interesting because I'm listening to all these and they and a couple interviews always ask like like who like what's the yo's
 Are you studying and they're studying?
 Anyway, just it blows my mind that nobody is paying
 attention, so I just want to say for you guys who are paying attention congratulations you are ahead of
 People that have been doing this game for a decade or more because they're not paying attention
 There comes a time in people's lives where they feel like they've learned too much or they've under like
 Like I had one of my close friends who messaged me the other day
 He's like hey like you're killing can I come to your office and spend like two or three days of shadowing you like
 I'll just like watch it. I don't do anything
 I was like have you read my books yet like no I might care read both the books first and then call me back and I'll lead you that
 crickets
 I'm like kidding me like those weren't just like crappy little books. I wrote like that literally is the blueprint for everything
 Anyway, so for those you guys who are paying attention. Thank you. I appreciate you. It gives me a reason why I share all this kind of craziness
 And for those who aren't listening. Thank you because it's the reason why I'm kicking your butt
 That was kind of rude, huh, but it's true. I don't know what else to do like this is funnel hacking 101
 This is how we've grown I'm watching everything and then implementing and reiterating over and over and over again
 And it blows my mind that people especially if you're competing directly with me. Why would you not do that? I don't even
 Don't understand and there's another guy who get I'm not gonna start with people some of I bet it's like eight people
 I think oh my gosh. He's talking about me. So maybe I'm talking about you baby. I'm not but
 What's interesting is that I guarantee that there's a bunch of or there's another guy who
 Runs a software company so there could be like 20 of you, but I think nothing like
 It'll tell me where they are if I tell the story so I can tell the story, but
 Anyway, it's all there in plain sight or we got coaching programs where I shared all and it blows my mind what people
 some people won't pay for
 What we'll give them everything they need
 anyway, appreciate you guys for listening and
 Like go funnel hack people like me if you're my business funnel hack me if you're not like
 Pay attention because the pathways there people have laid out before you
 You don't like reinvent the wheel just look for it and understand it pay attention. I saw I gotta go
 Thanks for hanging out you guys. I'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Want more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm secrets
 And you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
