 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome mark and seekers podcast. I learned something really interesting about myself tonight
 And I want to share with you guys
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Everyone I hope everything's amazing for you guys Friday
 I did a training and so the training was for everybody who had
 Who'd gone to 10x growth con event grand card owns event and if you guys were there you saw at the event
 I did a presentation and made 90 or she's been a 90 million. That'd be cool
 $3 million 90 minutes setting all sorts of records and it was really cool, right?
 And then the next day I got up on stage and we did a bonus where
 They wouldn't sign it before I left that basically we were gonna let them
 I was gonna do a
 Workshop I walked into exactly what I did and how I did it and all that kind of stuff
 So that workshop actually did on Friday, which was really cool. I thought it was gonna be about three hours long
 I ended up going for six and a half hours
 I don't know I was getting excited and I can't stop talking and sharing and it's just a lot of fun
 So hopefully you guys are okay if I were to deliver
 But it was cool and then obviously immediately afterwards
 I'm like all excited to go and try to turn this into an offer and to sell it and
 I bought 10xsecrets.com and I came and put this in the offer and this and this and the training
 And this is like my whole brain is going crazy with this whole process and then part of it's like why am I doing this?
 Like why am I?
 Why am I creating another offer a new front end another product?
 Maybe it's gonna have a problem. Maybe I got an a funnel addiction
 Maybe a little but a little all those things. I don't know
 But what was interesting is actually this weekend thought a lot about that
 I was I know I just it's fun
 I love reading the Facebook comments of people and in our groups and just especially like just hearing people success stories and stuff and
 There's this really interesting pattern this weekend for me as I was like just scrolling through stuff
 It's so many people told me like oh for me Russell is when I read the dot-com secrets book
 That's when I clicked or oh for me it was when I was at this event
 You said this and that's when everything clicked well for me
 it was and like people sharing like what it was for them that made it all click for them and when I clicked then the
 business took off right and
 Maybe starting like what was what were the the pivotal parts in my journey like with some clicked and it was like
 transitional shift and shift and shift, you know and
 Twice this week I did trainings for the two common club ex coaching program where I like I shared
 Something they had been shared other places. I just shared differently and had different stories around and stuff like that and
 And sending people were like oh that time it clicked like now I understand I'm going and it's you never know like what like
 When like when you're sharing your message like which which one's gonna click with which people right like that's why I keep telling my stories
 And my thing is over and over and over and over and over again
 Cuz you never know like when it's gonna click for that person who's there and sometimes it's repetitive for some people
 Another time just like the thing that makes it click I start thinking about this like I was so excited about creating software
 And I was like bummed about so I'm like, how am I doing this like the last thing the world
 I'm really need I was more money, right?
 And I'm like what is the what is the reason like why am I so excited about doing this and then it kind of hit me
 And I was like I think the reason why is I know that
 Like that training was the newest when I done it was updated six and a half hours
 I like put my heart my soul into because I wanted to over-deliver really cool actually went through and like I
 taught like
 Foundation like offer creation because that's key the webinar that perfect webinar and then I went through the actual presentation from 10x
 And I like push play and I watch and I pause and like this is why I did that which play pause
 This way I did this and it kind of went through the whole thing and it's interesting
 I even found out a couple new nuances to the perfect webinar that I didn't even realize until I was like pausing myself and I was like
 Oh, I did that thing. I didn't realize that so I shared those things talked about the price marinated like
 How much cool things I've never really talked about before but I was like
 thinking about this like my
 between our email list and everything there's like over a million entrepreneurs have fallen me right and
 when I put something out like my job as a markers like
 Re-engage them and then recommit them and hopefully this time give them the aha right so I
 Reengage them by making a new hook right I talked in the last podcast about hook story offer
 I so I need a new hook to get him re-engaged right because if I just keep selling the exact same thing
 It's gonna be hard to keep getting right but you look at this like think about this so like I
 Have a I have perfect webinar secrets calm
 Which is like the script and CD and me teaching the perfect webinar right expert secrets is me teaching the perfect webinar and way more detail
 Secrets master class which part of conflict do comic club X?
 You know the old fat event was me teaching the perfect webinar
 This was me teaching it gets me teaching it but so like the con
 Steps like the actual con con con content is not same, but it's similar right
 But it's repackaged in different ways where it's like
 Perfect webinar those looking for webinar without the thing that like that's the hook that'll get them
 Expert secrets. I talk about that way. That's the hook that'll get somebody
 10x secrets and talk about how you also made three million dollars 90 minutes like that hook
 It's a lot of people because it's sexy. It's interesting. It's unique like the hook will grab a different segment or like re-engage people right
 then
 Like I honestly wish like I could just like that six-hour thing. I should get stream it to everybody for free
 Problems, I know is that people get it for free. They don't do anything with the right and so
 That's what we make an offer us to make a funnels because then I'm I'm hooking them first
 Then I'm charging him to which then the physical act of pulling a credit card out recommits to themselves
 They're gonna go down this path again, right?
 To hook them recommit them and then hopefully this time I give them the aha that's the thing like that's the one
 That's the one that sometimes if you gone like you study somebody stuff two or three or four times you go to church
 You're right every Sunday for 20 years of your life and also like boom that Sunday that person that whatever it was you were ready
 Right then right it's for me. I feel like that's that's really part of this business right like
 The money and if you guys aren't at this point yet, so I'm gonna break it to you the money
 It's not that exciting moving forward like there goes a point when like
 Your house is paid off everything's taking care like it's just not exciting the money part
 But the impact is like fires you up, right?
 And so it's like I'm hooking them trying to like I have this million plus entrepreneurs plus everyone else on Facebook plus the entire world
 And I throwing these offers out to try to hook them right and get them to make a commitment
 So they commit themselves by actually paying for something and my goal is that this time is to give them the aha the thing
 Like where they're like ah, this is the one and I know that ten secrets is gonna be up for some people and I'm excited
 The other reason we charge me the finals could we can get to more people right there?
 We can pay for advertising now the hook gets out to more people which hopefully you have some people brings them in
 Get some commits themselves and then hopefully that'll be the one that gets them and just reengage people
 Reganize people who who have been on and off and on and off on and off like hopefully that this will be the one for them, right?
 So anyway, that's that's why it was kind of cool. Maybe it gave me like comfort and like oh, it's okay for me to do this
 It's not like
 Like I'm doing it. I'm doing it for that reason right like I because I want more people to be like
 Ten extra secrets that was the one that was one give me the clarity
 I needed in the permission to do my thing right or maybe it's ignite your funnels come out later this year
 Maybe it's the next thing, you know
 That's why I keep doing it in case you're wondering why keep an offer is just cuz I'm trying to hook
 People would get them to recommit to themselves and hopefully have that one be the one that gives them the aha that makes them move
 So I'm curious for you guys when was it that which was the thing the product the idea?
 the the thing that gave you the aha that gave you like that was the thing or if you had it yet you're still looking for that was it a
 video is YouTube video is it a podcast was it a
 product you bought like there's a reason why I'm preaching like crazy around the clock for you guys is cuz I'm
 Hoping and waiting and wishing that each of you guys will get that aha from one of these things
 Give you the thing you need like that was the piece that was the piece I was missing
 So if you want to write published so much, that's why I love it and the feedback like I literally just scroll through Facebook
 He died just like liking everything. This makes me so happy to see all the the positive stuff
 So anyway, appreciate you all thanks so much. I'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
