 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson. Welcome to Marketing Secrets Podcasts.
 Tonight we are going to be hanging out with some Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright so, why am I talking to a quiet?
 Because it's late at night and my wife and kids, everyone's asleep.
 Why am I eating cinnamon toast crunch?
 Because I have committed that by fun hacking live, I'm going to be in shape.
 And so Bart Miller who helped me dress me the last time I came to life, he just went through this big transformation and got ripped and it was 6 pack and everything.
 I was like alright Bart, we're going to do it, it's going to be in shape.
 So we're going to do it.
 But it doesn't start until the day after Thanksgiving.
 So I got a week to eat garbage and so I haven't eaten really healthy for the last 6 months.
 But right now I'm going to go and unhelp these people so I'm eating cinnamon toast crunch at midnight.
 How great is that?
 I'm pretty excited about that.
 Alright so, I was just going to Facebook right now and somebody asked a good question.
 They said, "How come RB, assuming that's me hopefully, why doesn't Russell use payment plans on anything?"
 And there's a bunch of us and all the everyone's kind of throwing out their gas and why they think out of these payment plans and stuff like that.
 So, I'm just going to tell you why.
 So a couple things first off, I don't believe in payment plans.
 I think a lot of times you'll make more money when you offer payment plans.
 But there's just things about it that drive me crazy, especially online.
 One of them, one of them, the big ones that drive me crazy is the fact that there's no repercussions.
 Somebody signs up for your thousand hour course and do a three pay of whatever.
 They do one of the three payments, they do anything else, there's nothing you can do, you can't go after them.
 You can't go after them.
 It's kind of frustrating, you know, in a digital world. Unfortunately, a lot of people who get one payment through, go through some of the course and they feel okay not doing it.
 And this kind of bugs me.
 But that's not really the real reason.
 You know, the real reason why I don't do them for the most part.
 And I won't say I won't do them because there will be situations that I'm sure I will in the future.
 One of our new hiring coaching programs will be having a payment program, which I've never been in the past.
 We will be just helping people cash flow and stuff like that.
 But the reason I don't is because it's one person commonly said, "Russell doesn't do it because Russell's rules don't sell the broke people."
 And well, that's mostly true.
 Something I don't like broke people or that I don't want to help them, right?
 But if you study my stuff, sousie.com secrets, the book I talk about, the Value Ladder, right?
 I'm taking people up a Value Ladder.
 And I know full weight, well, people, I can go to my world and they don't have money when they first come in.
 So I'm like, "Okay, how can I provide the most value possible?"
 So they have everything they need to be successful, right?
 And on the front of that are my books, on my perfect webinar training, I think it's like that,
 that our free push shipping are really low price.
 And I don't hold stuff back on that.
 Okay, Dan Henry's a good example.
 He struggled for years.
 He had the Doc on Seekers book, learned how to do my webinar, did it, made a million bucks in five months, right?
 And I've been giving away the perfect webinar now for two or three years, just like the script in the video
 and PowerPoint slides.
 And people always ask me, "Why do you give away for free?"
 I think it's your best stuff.
 Because if someone uses it to make money, they can afford my expensive stuff.
 So for me, that's really more my goals.
 I want people to come in and I want them to use the stuff I have and it makes them more money, and then they can come to the next things.
 And they're jumping up to like four or five tiers.
 If they have money, that's fine. They can shortcut success.
 But I always feel like sometimes it doesn't serve your customer shortcut or success.
 We first started doing Final Record TV the very first time.
 I was just taking businesses who I like, the people I like, the entrepreneur, but they weren't having success yet.
 We were coming in and doing all the work form, launching their businesses, and what we found is that people weren't ready for that.
 And we launched it and it backed to them and these people that get these businesses back.
 They hadn't learned all the stuff they needed to, they have success with it.
 And they struggled and despite the fact that I gave them the keys to a Ferrari, they couldn't drive the Ferrari.
 And sometimes we do ourselves to serve. Sometimes people just jump too far too fast.
 They spend a bunch of money they don't have, and then they try the thing, it doesn't really work, because they're in the foundation stuff they need to get there.
 Business is all about for us is increasing our capacity.
 When first start business, you have a big capacity to do a lot of stuff.
 I started my capacity. I struggled to read a book and then I read a book and I was like, "Well, the book was awesome."
 My capacity expanded a little bit. I just more expanded and more expanded.
 Now, 15 years later, we're running a huge company. We're on the top, probably two or three of us.
 There's websites in the world making a lot of money, doing a lot of stuff, helping a lot of people, all those things.
 And if I were to have just been handed this 15 years ago, I promise you I would have destroyed it.
 I wanted to because I wasn't ready for it.
 And I think a lot of times I know I could sell more stuff.
 If I offer these huge payment plans, let people in.
 But the reality is when it comes in on a payment plan, they can't afford it.
 And they're trying to learn stuff and they can't afford it.
 Then you go buy traffic or other things that you do.
 They can't afford it. It doesn't really serve them or me.
 So I want people to grow with us.
 So that's why we do stuff. So I have low-tech stuff, material, high-tier, things like that.
 And that way people come in, they learn, they apply.
 And then if they get value, then they should naturally send up.
 It's kind of like in my stack, I have a line that I say in there.
 It's funny because it's a really good closing line.
 I actually love people back at office since I started using it.
 But it's true for me.
 For me it says, I have a philosophy here by a company that if I can't make you money, then I don't deserve yours.
 And I honestly do believe that.
 Which is why I don't just go hard-close everyone on these huge payment plans.
 And I see a lot of people do product launches and they're selling $2000 in our course.
 Or 12 payments at $300.
 I'm like, "12 payments at $300." I remember being those days and that was like, that's a lot of money.
 It almost doesn't mean disservice.
 It's like, "Okay, if I had 12 payments at $300, 12 months from now,
 then I'll get my stuff in place and start buying ads again."
 Because I had this huge budget of $300 a month.
 Anyway, that's one of my thoughts.
 So, yeah, I hope that kind of helps.
 And again, it's not that I won't do payment plans.
 I will do them in the future.
 There'll be times and seasons I will do them, a lot of businesses I recommend them.
 So it's nothing against me.
 Just for me personally, that's my goal.
 That's my vision.
 And just try to blow people's minds at every step of the value ladder.
 If I do that correctly, then they'll be able to forward the next thing and the next thing and the next thing.
 So, I could tell you probably a couple of dozen examples of this.
 But Dan Henderson is my favorite.
 He joined me in a circle.
 And he posted on Facebook.
 He was like, "I don't know why I joined Russell in a circle."
 I thought I'd got...
 He's like, "I made a bunch of money.
 I don't really need to be.
 I don't really want to be in it."
 But I feel like I owed Russell 25K for all I got from the free book I bought.
 So, how cool is that if your customers feel it?
 Like, "Man, I got so much from this."
 I feel like, "I owe you.
 I need to invest your higher ticket things."
 So I got so much from down here.
 That's what I'm trying to create.
 So, there you go.
 Hope that helps you guys.
 I hope you...
 I think in the...
 Obviously, we're talking about this from like...
 In my business, which is teaching business owners how to grow.
 So it's like, it's very applicable because it's like, "Hey, make money here and grow."
 But to the same in any business,
 say your business is helping marriages, right?
 Like, you give them something free and they...
 You know, increase the spark and the relationship or fixes something or not.
 They feel better.
 Like, "Man, they will want to give you more and follow you further and all that kind of stuff."
 So, anyway, it's a fun game you play.
 I love it.
 Appreciate you guys as customers, as friends, as subscribers, listeners,
 and hope that you got some good ideas about this.
 I'm gonna get back to my SimToach country for all gets cold and soggy.
 It's a little soggy already, so I'm gonna go.
 And by fun-lacking live, I hope it was sexy.
 I promise you guys, I hope it's 6-pack.
 It'll be awesome.
 If not, then I won't say anything else about it.
 Everybody talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind-the-scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
