 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome mark and seekers podcast. I learned something really interesting about myself tonight
 And I want to share with you guys
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Everyone I hope everything's amazing for you guys today was Sunday had an awesome day at church and
 the kids and just it was really really neat and
 Some of you guys know if you listen if you've been following, I don't know
 they were just plugging different spots from places, but
 Thursday did a really cool day and took the day of work off and I tried to read the entire book a Mormon in a day
 Which is awesome podcast is about over at book of Mormon challenge.com and go listen to that podcast
 You can go and listen to it and then Friday
 I did a training and so the training was for everybody who had
 Who'd gone to the 10x growth con event grant card owns event and if you guys were there you saw the event
 I did a presentation and made 90. She's been a 90 million. That'd be cool
 $3 million 90 minutes setting all sorts of records and it was really cool, right?
 And then the next day I got on stage and we did a bonus where
 Fameran said it before I left that basically we were gonna let them
 I was gonna do a
 Workshop I walked into exactly what I did and how I did it and all that kind of stuff
 So that workshop I actually did on Friday, which was really cool. I thought it was gonna be about three hours long
 I ended up going for six and a half hours
 I don't know I was getting excited and I can't stop talking and sharing and it's just a lot of fun
 So hopefully you guys are okay if I were to deliver
 But it was cool and then obviously immediately afterwards
 I'm like all excited to go and try to turn this into an offer and to sell it and
 My bot 10x seekers calm and I'm like can you put this in the offer and this and this and the training
 And this is and like my whole brain is going crazy with this whole process and then part of it's like why am I doing this?
 Like why am I?
 Why am I creating another offer a new front end another product?
 Maybe it's gonna have a problem. Maybe I got a funnel addiction
 Maybe a little but a little all those things. I don't know
 But what was interesting is actually this weekend I thought a lot about that
 I was I don't know
 I just it's fun
 I love reading the Facebook comments of people and in our groups and just especially like just hearing people success stories and stuff and
 There's this really interesting pattern this weekend for me as I was like just scrolling through stuff
 It's so many people told me like oh for me Russell was when I read the dot-com secrets book
 That's when I clicked it. Oh for me was when I was at this event
 You said this and that's when everything clicked well for me
 was and like people sharing like what it was for them that made it all click for them and when I clicked then the business took off right and
 Maybe starting like what it was what were the the pivotal parts in my journey like with some click
 it was like
 transitional shift and shift and shift, you know and
 Twice this week I did trainings for the two common club ex coaching program where I like I shared
 something they had been shared other places that just shared differently and had different stories around and stuff like that and
 And sending people were like oh that time it clicked like now I understand I'm going and it's you never know like what like
 When like when you're sharing your message like which which one's gonna click with which people right like that's why I keep telling my stories
 And my things over and over and over and over and over again
 You never know like when it's gonna click for that person who's there and sometimes it's repetitive for some people
 And at the time just like the thing that makes it click I start thinking about this look like I'm so excited about creating software
 and then I was like bummed about some like why am I doing this like the last thing the world I really need right now is more money
 Right and I'm like what is the what is the reason like why am I so excited about doing this and then it kind of hit me
 and I was like I think the reason why is I know that
 Like that training was the newest when I done it was updated six and a half hours
 I like put my heart my soul into it because I wanted to over-deliver really quack she went through and like I
 taught like
 Foundation like offer creation because that's key the webinar that I taught the perfect webinar and then I went through the actual
 Presentation from 10x and I like push play and I watch and I pause and like this is why I did that which play
 Pause this way I did this and it kind of went through the whole thing and it was interesting
 I even found out a couple new nuances to the perfect webinar that I didn't even realize until I was like pausing myself and I was like oh
 Wow, I did that thing I didn't realize that so sharing those things talk about the price marinated like
 How much cool things I've never really talked about before but I was like
 thinking about this like my
 Between our email list and everything there's like over a million entrepreneurs that follow me right and
 when I put something out like
 Isn't all of millions are still active like excited and like engaged right if they were I have a million people using click funnels right now
 Which we're working towards that we don't have it yet right you were 61,000 which is pretty awesome still but um
 I was like those million plus people like my job is a markers like
 Engage them and then recommit them and hopefully this time given the aha right so I
 Reengage them by making a new hook right I talked in the last podcast about hook story to offer
 Like so I need a new hook to get him reengaged right because if I just keep selling the exact same thing
 It's gonna be hard to keep getting right but you look at this like think about this so like I
 Have a I have perfect webinar secrets calm
 Which is like the script and the CD and me teaching perfect webinar right expert secrets is me teaching the perfect webinar and way more detail
 Secrets master class which part of conflict to calm club X
 You know the old fat event was me teaching the perfect webinar this was me teaching it gets me teaching it
 But it's like the con seps like the actual con con con content is not same, but it's similar right
 but it's repackaged in different ways where it's like
 Perfect webinar those who live webinar that's the thing that like that's the hook that'll get them expert secrets. I talk about that way
 That's the hook that'll get somebody
 10x secrets and talk about how you also made $3 million 90 minutes like that hook
 It's getting a lot of people because it's sexy. It's interesting. It's unique like the hook will grab a different segment or right with reengage people right then
 Like I honestly wish like I could just like that six hour thing. I should extremely to everybody for free
 Problem is I know is that people get it for free. They don't do anything with the right and so
 That's why we make an offer us to make a funnels because then I'm I'm hooking them first
 Then I'm charging him to which then the physical act then pulling a credit card out recommit to themselves
 They're gonna go down this path again, right?
 So I hook them recommit them and then hopefully this time I give them the aha that's the thing like that's the one
 That's the one that sometimes if you gone like you study somebody stuff two or three or four times you go to church
 You're right every Sunday for 20 years of your life and also like boom that Sunday that person that whatever it was you were ready
 Right then right it's for me. I feel like that's that's really part of this business, right? Like
 The money and if you guys aren't this point yet, so I'm gonna break it to you the money
 It's not that exciting moving forward
 like because a point when like
 The house is paid off everything's taking care of like it's just not exciting the money part
 But the impact is like fires you up, right? And so it's like I'm hooking them
 I'm trying to like I have this million plus entrepreneurs plus everyone else on Facebook plus the entire world and like throwing these offers
 I was trying to hook them right and get them to make a commitment
 So they commit themselves by actually paying for something and my goal is that this time is to give them the aha the thing
 Like where they're like ah, this is the one and I know that ten secrets is gonna be up for some people and I'm excited
 The other is when we charge me a funnels because we can get to more people right that we can pay for advertising now
 The hook gets out to more people which hopefully you have some people brings them in get some commits themselves and then
 Hopefully that'll be the one that gets them and just reengages people recognize people who?
 Who have been on and off and on and off on and off like hopefully that this will be the one for them, right?
 So anyway, that's that's why it was kind of cool. Maybe it gave me like comfort and like oh, it's okay for me to do this
 it's not like
 Like I'm doing it. I'm doing it for that reason right like I because I want more people to be like
 10 ex-seagors that was the one that was what gave me the clarity I needed and the permission to do my thing right or
 Maybe it's ignite your funnels come out later this year. Maybe it's the next thing, you know
 Right now Julie Stoyne and I are working on 10
 10 books 10 front end books
 To bridge the gap we figure we identified 10 sub markets of basically these click funnels
 And so which like we're trying everything our power like bridge that gap bridge that gap bridge that gaps are making webinars and
 training and success stories and like it's just part of our big project mother funnel, but we're and then anyway, but Julie's writing
 10 different books one for each segment here your e-commerce
 This is how you use clip funnels how you the funnel if you're in if your business professional if you're a freelancer if you're a
 e-com if you're a
 This you know whatever it is if you're retail like here's usually I use funnels like it's bridging the gap
 My goal is like all these are offers are putting out there for these segments
 It's like want some of the segments like get that Hombec
 Oh
 That's what that's how I use a funnel. Okay. I had one of my buddies literally last night and I don't need funny
 It's a friend from like from not business world and I was forgetting people see me on Facebook
 But they may text me he's like hey man, so do you stuff for service business soon? I'm like my whole body of work
 Everything I've ever done for last decade my life worked for service businesses
 But because of specifically say service businesses they don't know it right and like they can't like they can't bridge that gap
 So I'm like I wish the book was actually like yeah get the book
 It'll tell you exactly bridge the gap and you go build funnels for your service business
 But we don't have it yet. So
 That's why I keep doing it in case you're wondering why keep an offer is because I'm trying to hook
 People would get them to recommit to themselves and hopefully have that one be the one that gives them the aha that makes a move
 So I'm curious for you guys when was it the which was the thing the product the idea?
 the
 The thing that gave you the aha that gave you like that was the thing or have you had it yet?
 Are you still looking for that was it a videos YouTube video? Is it a podcast? Was it a product you bought like there's a reason why I'm
 Preaching like crazy around the clock for you guys is cuz I'm hoping and waiting and wishing
 That each of you guys will get that off from one of these things give you the thing you need like that was the piece
 That was the piece I was missing. So if you want to why publish so much, that's why I love it and
 The feedback like I literally just scroll through Facebook feed night
 It's like liking everything. This makes me so happy to see all the the positive stuff
 So anyway, that's about it
 I'm tired
 I'm gonna go to bed tonight because I'm getting up at five tomorrow because this week's gonna be so much fun
 Sleeping becomes a nuisance. Have you guys know set if not like you're having enough money yet?
 It's like I got sleeps, but I'm gonna wake up early so I can like start the party
 I'm getting up at five tomorrow. So I got my next episode of the Book of Mormon
 Challenge.com podcast and recording the morning and be lifting with Dave and with James and then
 And the party starts the week begins. So a lot of fun anyway
 Appreciate you all each for listening if we you are on YouTube, please click on the like subscribe comment all that kind of stuff
 I do actually every YouTube comment does come to my email
 So I do all I do read all those which are kind of fun
 And if you're listening to podcast, please go to iTunes and like comment subscribe if you like comment subscribe the past
 Please do it again because iTunes
 Bumped us for a little while so we rebuild the channel and so we may have missed your your comments
 So please come comment again. Appreciate you all thanks so much. I'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
