 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 As always, grateful that you are here,
 grateful that we're hanging out.
 And excited to share with you guys
 something that I think will be helpful in your career,
 in your life, in your marriage, in your family,
 and everything you do.
 So that said, this is CUBE theme song,
 and I'll be back in a second.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take
 our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world, and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast
 will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson, and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, so last weekend was insane.
 I don't know if I told you this yet.
 I've probably gone too deep.
 But I had a chance to go speak at the Dean Grasso
 Season 20 Robbins event at Tony's Studio,
 which he built this huge studio in COVID hit,
 where you can come in this Zoom room,
 where it's like this huge stadium wrapped in Zoom walls.
 It was crazy.
 You fall in minutes, you're gonna be solid pictures.
 But anyway, it was really, really special and really fun.
 And we actually flew there in Tony's private plane,
 which was crazy, had a chance to go to his house.
 And it was really special weekend.
 But that'll tell you too much of that.
 I wish I could go deeper.
 So many crazy experiences.
 I could do like a three day call,
 just talking about all the ahas and takeaways from that.
 But I will drip them out to you throughout the next few
 episodes.
 But there's one thing that's interesting.
 So we decided, we were there for like six days,
 which is kind of cool.
 We had a chance to hang out with some really cool people
 and just relax and take a break a little bit.
 And at the hotel, there's a spa.
 So let's get some massages.
 So we sent it from massage to two different days.
 And obviously now with COVID, there's weirdness.
 Not in Boise, I love Idaho.
 Idaho's different.
 But in Florida, they have different rules.
 So you get to wear face masks more often and all sorts of stuff.
 So you got to get our first massage and I get in there.
 And it was only a 16 minute massage
 because that's all they had time for that day or whatever.
 And the sous comes out and she puts on plastic gloves,
 which was kind of weird.
 I'm not going to lie, it wasn't my favorite.
 But I'm like, ah, whatever.
 So get into massage.
 And it was not my favorite massage.
 Partially it's because like, anyway,
 there are a lot of reasons why.
 It was as I get into massage, I was like annoyed.
 I didn't like it.
 It wouldn't feel good.
 It was just like, she was technically giving massage,
 but it was not good massage.
 So much so.
 But by the end of my 60 minutes, normally I get a 90 minute
 massage, my end of my 60 minute massage,
 I just wanted to be done.
 It was like the longest 60 minutes of my life.
 I was miserable.
 I didn't have a good time.
 And I was even thinking, I think I hate massage.
 Maybe I've changed.
 Maybe I don't like massage.
 Maybe whatever, right?
 And I was so annoyed.
 And finally got down.
 I was like, oh, I think heaven's just over.
 Get me out of here.
 And I just left.
 You know, there's this beautiful spa and all these medities.
 I was like, no, I'm done.
 I don't do massages anymore.
 I don't do spas.
 I just had a horrible experience.
 Like I'm never getting any massage again.
 And I remember after I got a massage later
 and then we met afterwards.
 And I was like, that was horrible.
 Like I don't want to get a massage again.
 She's like, we have them booked for tomorrow.
 I'm like, I know.
 I'm like, I don't really want to go.
 Like, should we cancel?
 Anyway, it was just-- it was interesting.
 So next day, I go back because you
 have a 24 hour cancellation period.
 And I'm like, I have to get a massage.
 I'm like, I don't even like massages.
 This one's going to be 90 minutes.
 I'm going to be miserable.
 Like, just kind of the whole thing, right?
 So I get there and kind of a bad attitude.
 And I start talking to Ms. Seuss.
 And she's a different person and super nice.
 And we laid out a get a massage.
 And then she starts massaging.
 The same thing has sort of the plastic loves,
 which is kind of annoying, but whatever.
 It does massage.
 And this time, it is a complete different experience.
 This person was like an artist.
 Like, it was amazing.
 Like, everything-- it's crazy because I
 spent the same amount of money for both massages, right?
 And the first one, like, I wanted to die.
 I wanted to get off the table.
 I wanted to leave, right?
 And this next person was insane.
 They were amazing.
 Like, the 90 minutes was over.
 And I was like, are you kidding me?
 Like, I want to give you some more money.
 I just want to flip back over and keep
 doing this back and forth all day till you're off shift
 or whatever.
 Like, it was amazing.
 And I remember laying there thinking about how, like, just
 24 hours earlier, I had a massage from a person.
 You know, same spots and everything and how I hated it.
 And this one was amazing, where I would have paid anything
 to continue this experience longer.
 And I started thinking about this, right?
 Both of these people would consider themselves
 some massages, masseuses, right?
 Both of them got paid the same amount of money to do the job.
 But one was an artist.
 One was great at what they do.
 And one was just did the thing, right?
 And I started thinking about my life.
 Like, everything I've done, I've tried--
 I don't know.
 I always want to be the best.
 I remember when I was wrestling about this tape,
 this VHS tape, pre-DBDs.
 And it was the story about Tom and Terry Brans, who
 were twin brothers, who were wrestlers at Iowa.
 And I remember the movie started with--
 first Tom Brans, he comes on, he says, my name's Tom Brans.
 My goal is simple.
 I want to be the best wrestler in the world.
 And actually, I came up with my name's Terry Brans.
 My goal is simple.
 I want to be the best wrestler in the whole world.
 And that's how it starts.
 And boom, it goes into their trading montage and stuff.
 And I was just like, yes.
 I remember thinking all the time, my name's Russell Brunson.
 I want to be the greatest wrestler in the world.
 And so because I didn't want to be a good wrestler,
 I didn't want to be like, OK, I wanted to be the best
 in the world.
 And obviously, I never got there.
 But that was my belief.
 And so because I got way further than I probably ever
 should have gotten.
 I made some of my skill and talent level, right?
 I was a state champ.
 I was an all-American.
 I took second in the nation.
 High school, went to college.
 I was ranked in the top 10 in college.
 Never placed NCA.
 But I did a good career.
 And I switched to business.
 It was the same thing.
 I got into business.
 I wasn't.
 It's like, I want to make money.
 I was like, I want to be the greatest marketer that's ever
 lived.
 If I'm doing this job anywhere, I might as well
 be amazing at it, right?
 And I was just thinking about that so much trading
 some massage.
 I'm just like, both these people have the same job
 title.
 But one's amazing.
 One's like, eh.
 And I think about, for all of us, my kids, I keep--
 my kids, I'm like, I don't care what you guys do.
 I don't care what you want to be when you grow up.
 But don't just be like, OK, be the best in the world.
 How do you become amazing?
 They're not just good, like, amazing.
 What do you have to do different?
 I don't know.
 And I don't know how to teach that exactly more so than just
 helping you guys want that desire.
 Like, don't be the crappy business.
 I think about funnel building, right?
 Like, there's tons of people that
 are teaching funnel building and doing funnel building.
 You can hire someone.
 And you see people that hire someone.
 And they get a funnel and the funnel sucks.
 And it's just like, you know, you're a funnel builder.
 Like, become the best in the world.
 Like, obsess about it.
 Obsess with design and copy and all these things.
 So that when you build someone a funnel,
 like you hand it to them, it should be art.
 Like, they should be blown away by it.
 Just like, you know, the second of the suits,
 I was blown away.
 Like, that's the experience you want to give someone.
 If you can't give someone that experience,
 like, you need to geek out more, you got to go deeper.
 You got to become better, right?
 Like, become the best in the world that you are in your craft,
 whatever it is, right?
 If I was a dentist, I'd be like, OK, there's dentists,
 but there's like, amazing dentists.
 I was chiropractic.
 I don't want to be a good chiropractor.
 I want to be the best in the world.
 Hey, everyone.
 I wanted to quickly interrupt this podcast episode
 to let you know about something really cool
 that I just started doing that I want you to be part of.
 I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now, I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes
 every single day answering questions through text message
 to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing,
 pull your phone out, and actually text me a message, OK?
 Now, the phone number you need text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone,
 and then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone,
 and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community,
 so I'm going to be giving you a free swag, giving me away,
 free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings,
 about times I'm coming to your local area,
 and a whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day,
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks,
 and things you can get for free only through my texting
 platform.
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me
 at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 And there's tears, there's levels.
 You see it in every industry, right?
 Every industry.
 I was talking to one of my buddies,
 who's like one of the top doctors.
 He's a certain type of doctor, one of the best in the world.
 And I was asking about that.
 And he told me, if you ever get sick here and I,
 I was like, tell me ahead of time,
 and I'll tell you which doctors to go to.
 I was like, is there really that big of a difference?
 He's like, you have no idea which doctor
 got a D in their class when she's got an A, right?
 There's definitely a difference.
 Just because they have a degree does not mean
 they're the same thing.
 If you have someone cutting you open,
 who do you want?
 The person who's okay are the best in the world.
 And so I think there's a couple things.
 Number one, when you were trying to hire someone to do something,
 don't look for someone who's okay.
 Go find people who are the best in the world.
 I mean, spend the extra money, spend the extra time,
 find the best in the world.
 You're looking for employees, don't find people that are like,
 they're okay, find the best in the world.
 And then for you, don't be okay.
 I'm like, oh, I'm okay, I'm good.
 Don't do that.
 Be the best in the world.
 It's not that much harder, right?
 I mean, it's gonna take more time and effort and energy.
 But man, when you become the best in the world,
 people will travel from everywhere to come to you.
 They'll spend more to get to you.
 They will do everything because like right now,
 I would have paid the second masseuse
 10 times when I paid the first one and happily done it.
 I would fly her to Boise once a month to give me a massage.
 Like that's how good it was, right?
 And it's like understanding that versus like,
 oh yeah, that was okay.
 That was good.
 You know?
 I don't know.
 If you put that much love into your craft,
 again, I'm talking to a lot of you guys
 who are funnel builders, who are an agency,
 to stuff like that.
 Like man, like put in the time.
 I don't give a client crap.
 Like make sure you become the best in the world.
 Understanding all the pieces.
 Like how to make a funnel go from good to great.
 Like what's the difference?
 It's like image size, colors, text, copy, video,
 storytelling, all those things.
 They don't just dabble, like become obsessed.
 Like if you watch the way that I build a funnel
 with my team, like I'm obsessive about it.
 Like they're like, man, you're spending so much time
 on the headline.
 Like yeah, 'cause that's the most important part, right?
 They're like, man, you spend so much time crafting a script
 and the video on this.
 Like yes, 'cause I wanna be the best in the world.
 I don't wanna be okay.
 And so for you guys, I want you to think into that.
 Like how do you become the best?
 'Cause if you do that, man, you will, like life is better.
 You'll serve more people.
 Like all these things, you know, your experience
 is well increased.
 Like I didn't get to have a chance to go speak
 at Tony's event 'cause I was like a good funnel builder
 'cause I had an okay company.
 It's 'cause like I've been obsessed with becoming the best.
 And you know, people who are in that same way,
 people obsessed with that kind of stuff,
 they recognize it and they respect it and they follow it.
 And so if you wanna be in good company with the right people,
 then obsessed about that.
 So anyway, that's my calling yesterday.
 I just wanna show that 'cause it was on top of my mind
 during that whole massage.
 I'm just like, man, look at this different experience, right?
 Like in everything I like, I wanna find the person
 who's the best, not the person who's good, right?
 And then on the flip side, like I wanna become the best.
 I don't wanna be just good.
 And so for all of you guys,
 just like I did when I heard the wrestling video,
 my name's Tom Brands.
 I wanna be the greatest wrestler in the world.
 My name's Terry Brands.
 I wanna be the greatest wrestler in the world.
 My name's Russell Brunson.
 I wanna be the greatest wrestler in the world.
 My name's Russell Brunson.
 We're gonna be the greatest marketer in the world.
 What is your thing?
 What is it that you wanna be the greatest in the world at?
 What are you willing to put in the time,
 and the effort, and the stress, and the pressure,
 and the ups, and the downs, and the pain
 to be able to become the best at?
 'Cause when this life is done and it wraps up
 and it's over, right?
 Like, do we wanna leave it knowing like,
 man, I became the best at this thing.
 I loved it so much.
 I was so passionate about it.
 Like, I cared enough to make myself the best.
 And maybe I'll never get it.
 I never became the best wrestler,
 but the journey of that meant everything to me, right?
 Like, it translated into so many good things in my life.
 Like, I'm so grateful for everyone that's experienced.
 I didn't become the best,
 but the pursuit of becoming the best
 is what gave me the life I have now.
 And I'm so grateful for it,
 and I wouldn't trade that for anything.
 So, pick what it is.
 What do you wanna be the best in the world at?
 And then pursue it with your heart,
 with your soul, with everything you have,
 and if you do that, man,
 I promise your life will be richer,
 your relationships will be fuller,
 and you'll get access to the people and things
 that you never dreamt of possible.
 That said, I appreciate you all.
 If you got any value from this episode, please tag me in it
 on social so I can see it.
 Let me know your comments.
 I'd love to hear back from you guys.
 That said, thanks so much,
 and I'll talk to you all again soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 - Hey, everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I wanted to invite you to join
 arguably the best thing that we've ever put out
 inside the ClickFunnels community
 and it is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life,
 they're one funnel away from something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are fun away from growing your company
 to the next level.
 And so we created this challenge to help you
 to create and launch your first or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business,
 this challenge is gonna help you understand the strategy,
 help you understand the tactics,
 help you understand all the things you need
 to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now,
 you stop everything, pause the audio, go online
 and go to one funnel away dot com.
 That's one funnel away dot com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days.
 So go get started right now, one funnel away dot com.
 (upbeat music)
