 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast and yes I am wearing a tie.
 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets.
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable.
 That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 Alright everyone so hope you guys are awesome I just got done church and I am actually really proud moment for me.
 My kids, my two twins are out doing something that we call fast offerings so they are out going to people's houses and they go to church with us and basically getting donations to help people feed the poor and things like that which is kind of cool.
 So I am driving around and they are running in so I may be pausing and starting this one over as they are going to now but they are in house right now and it is kind of fun.
 It is a proud day for me to watch the kids go out and do that so it is pretty cool.
 But I want to share with you guys something and I am going to keep some of the names private to protect the innocent but I think the story is really important.
 So one of my close friends recently did his first webinar and crushed it on it.
 I have a lot of liberties say numbers since you do not know who I am talking about it is really bad.
 But did over $20,000 the first day and then it has gone to a bunch more through replays and stuff and it was their first shot at doing this and they are on top of the world.
 People are paying me for my stuff it is so exciting.
 I know that any of you guys who have had success some of you don't think you feel like you are just like I can't believe you were paying me for my thing and it is so fun and so exciting.
 For the next day or two he was in the motion of that and the excitement of that.
 Yesterday he messaged me and said dude Russell I don't know what to do.
 I am like what happened? What is the matter?
 He said somebody messaged me and said they needed what I was selling so bad they actually went and I don't think sold a car or they refinanced a car or something to get the money to buy his thing.
 He was like I don't know what to do. I don't know how to take that. His person probably didn't have the money to do it but they were so compelled by my presentation and they offered everything.
 They went and they did the same to get money that they didn't have to buy my thing.
 He was like I don't know how to take that.
 Do I refund their money? Do I get it for free? Do I not?
 It was just this weird conundrum. Some of you have to bend through that.
 People who believe in you and they trust in you and they are trusting in what you have to say and what you are created.
 They are going to go and pay you for it. Sometimes it is scary.
 All I did is I texted him back one line and it is a line from Spider-Man.
 It is a cheesy superhero movie but I texted him back and said with great power comes great responsibility.
 I wanted to share that with you guys because as you are creating these businesses and you are selling people's products and selling services and selling hope and dreams to people.
 Unfortunately it is not going to be 100% success rate and I understand that.
 For you guys who are doing that and you are learning these skills and you are learning a great power.
 You can persuade, influence and help and serve and change people's lives.
 I want you to remember that with great power comes great responsibility.
 Knowing that I can help everyone but I need to put everything into my product and service.
 I need to put my heart and soul because these people are trusting me with their money, well being with their families financial safety.
 They are trusting you with it.
 Great power comes great responsibility.
 Hi! We play with the dog while we leave.
 That is the power of service. You can play with your dog.
 What is your dog's name?
 Shadow.
 Shadow.
 It is awesome.
 Down is about to come back into.
 Did you like the doggy doll?
 No, they had a dog.
 What did you guys do?
 I bet the dog.
 Besides the dog.
 They are doing their doing their fast offerings helping the poor people.
 I am going to be back here and be able to get the next house.
 I will finish this up.
 I want to restate for all of you guys as you are learning this game and this thing.
 While you are making money don't forget about the people, the people you are serving, the people who are paying you for your thing.
 Make sure that keeps you up.
 It keeps me up and knowing that people are investing in my product and my service.
 I have to make the best in the world because I know that someone else on the other side is gambling something in their life.
 They are going without this to buy whatever my thing is.
 They have to put my heart and soul into the delivery and fulfill that thing.
 It is not worth doing.
 I want you guys doing that because marking stuff is easy to learn.
 It is easy for people to say yes.
 If you want to build a legacy and want to change people's lives you have to get them to say yes and then actually serve them and fulfill the highest point you can.
 That is the game.
 Again, with great power comes great responsibilities.
 Serve your people at the highest level.
 Let them keep you up at night.
 Keep focusing on them.
 Do not forget about your customers.
 They are the reason why we are in business.
 I appreciate you all and I will talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we are actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free Behind the Scenes reality TV show at www.FunnelHacker.tv.
