 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today. I'm gonna take you down a trip down memory lane
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so
 Now that the traffic secrets book is done everything's done
 I swear I would never write a book again the first thing my brain wants to do is write the next book
 So here we go
 So he hasn't heard me talk about the fact that bought bought the domain bootstrap calm
 And my goal is to tell the story about how click funnels got bootstrapped
 So instead of being like a how to book like all of the secrets trilogy has been this is gonna be
 Like the story of what we did and how we did and kind of
 Anyway, so I'm really excited for so I thought to start this project
 You know obviously when I wrote rewrote the expert secrets book
 I geeked out on heroes to journeys and what it all looks like and mapping it out and I totally want to like I
 Want to sit down and sink I want to like take the heroes to journeys and I take the click-flop storyline
 See if we can sync it with all the different the different parts right see how closely can match the actual heroes to journey
 So that's gonna be a fun part of the process
 But I'm not ready for that yet
 So the first thing was like I need to start building out a timeline to kind of see how this whole thing started and where we went and everything
 and so I started a trello board and
 And I basically started then we used trello before there's different columns
 Right so I had a column for each year and then Melanie's working me to go through and inside of each column is to like
 Make a card for all the major milestones like oh we did for my game live. Oh, we wrote a book
 Oh, we went to this event. Oh, we did that or we hit this now
 You know so we have like a timeline of all the things that happened year by year and so we started in
 Let's be started 2014 that's been launched ClickFunnels
 I'm like well would start before that though because
 And I told you that was 13 we started building ClickFunnels, but if you go back it's 2011 and we met taught and kept on back
 And so now we got a timeline all the back to basically 2009 and so
 Anyway, it's gonna take me and Melanie probably the next couple months to get this whole thing built out
 But it's kind of crazy. So I started this whole that basically the first year
 I'm starting this is 2009 and 2009 is when I met Dylan who's one of the original co-founders of ClickFunnels and the long story is that
 that early that year
 I got a random call from someone on Tony Robbins team who wanted said he wanted to meet me
 So then two weeks later. I was at in Toronto at
 UPW which then you add this to the card UPW I met Tony and then
 And I left and hear from again in August 11th the day after my enter
 I think it was August 10th. We heard about it August 10th at 11th
 I was speaking at Stompernet and I got a call from Tony's assistant asking if I want to speak in Fiji
 okay, and then you fast forward to
 like two weeks later August 29th I'm in Fiji with Tony Robbins while I'm in Fiji
 I'm sitting there and I I see this guy who's like the best designer I've ever seen and if I ask a bunch of people like
 Who is this guy? His name is Dylan Jones email Dylan Jones and while I was sitting in Nomali in Fiji
 I got an email back from Dylan saying hey, um, what's up?
 What can you do for me?
 So he did a couple projects and in October that month he he designed
 The user interface for a site called click.com.com which was the original ClickFunnels
 It never came to light but we designed every single page. It's crazy. You look at the designs now
 It's like this is like so similar to what ClickFunnels ended up becoming just in 2009. So this is
 This is uh five years before we actually launched ClickFunnels which is crazy
 So that's how I met Dylan and then in 2009 in 2010 is when I had my big company crash
 And I laughed like 90 people overnight and everything fell apart and I was like this is the worst thing in the world
 This is horrible and then on the back side of the crash 2011 is when um, I
 You know down to my last dollar. I was like, um, I need to figure out a way to you know
 How to ship our company and I saw that um on flipa.com there's someone selling champion sound.com
 Which was an email text message autoresponder for bands and I'm like, this is the future
 I'm gonna buy this thing. So I bought champion sound with money we didn't have
 And then uh, and then we found out it was coded in Ruby on rails and we didn't have Ruby on rails
 Programmers or servers or anything and I tried to hire friends. He wouldn't work
 And so after we lost all that money, I was about to delete the site. In fact, I think I emailed
 I have to go back to my emails and see if I think I emailed like
 Someone on my team like let's just turn this off. It's not gonna work. Um, and uh, and then I had this impression of like
 Go email your list to see if there's anybody on your list who knows Ruby on rails
 So I emailed my list get response back from enter Todd Dickerson Todd Dickerson email back
 And we started working together and for the entire year of 2011 in 2012. We worked on projects together
 Todd didn't get paid until
 I don't even know when you get paid the first for like first year and second year starting to paint him a little bit
 And in 2013 is when we started building click funnels
 I'm excited to go back in the timeline and find like all of the the actual um
 Like when he was I went into boy. He said he sent me like all the stuff and like
 Us brain service from finals assets and plug him in here
 2013 was the year of us building click funnels us. I say us
 I have no skills
 the year Todd building click funnels would be being excited by it and then
 Um 2014 we did the initial beta launch
 While uh in the summer while I was at my family vacation in bair lake
 And I came back and october 25th as my spoke mike phil same's event did the very first ever funnelx presentation
 And then uh november 7th was the first day I did webinars. I did three webinars on november 7th
 And uh then it was off to the races and so it was kind of fun like finding these land these landmarks and putting them into this
 This timeline of all the events that happened and so what we're gonna do is try to go back through
 Um email calendars memory and as much as we can try to build out
 as big of uh as big of um
 Like a timeline as possible of all the different events and then my plan is i'm gonna fly each of the the people who were involved
 like dylan and Todd and and brent and dave and ryan and just everybody's been involved in this
 uh in click funnels from beginning to fly out here and then interview him about each step in the
 Like in the thing like what like how are you feeling when this happened and this happened and like and just getting them all the tell their storage from their
 Point of view because everyone's got such different
 Unique point of views and the direction they came into this we're trying to build a timeline out first
 So I can go intelligently interview people and spend five or six hours and go through each thing like what now?
 What was happening at this point like what were you thinking? How are you feeling?
 What was happening at your home? What was happening your your your life and just getting really deep
 um
 So that way when it's done, I will have interviews with like 30 or 40 people who are big part of initial click funnels story
 And um and then we'll have all the video the audios love the timeline love all the assets and the timeline all the emails all the pictures
 All the videos all the all the different assets we've created throughout this whole time
 And then from there i'll take all that and we'll start writing the bootstrap book
 So exciting and hopefully at that point i'll be look at the timeline of events and see like does this match the heroes two journeys like how can we make it
 Match and fit into this thing. I don't want to write just a story to tell a story
 I want to make sure that it's a story that that fits and I think you know it's been fun as I have
 I don't think we have an ending yet to the story. That's a hard part. I don't have an ending to the story
 It's just like and then we were here that I thought
 You know part bootstrap part two coming soon. So we don't have an ending to the to the story
 Yeah, but it's just kind of fun to like put all pieces together and the ups and the downs the highs and the lows the stress and the excitement and anxiety and the stress and the
 Happiness and the victories and like just
 It's gonna be so much fun to to kind of try to tell the story in a way that
 Um, we'll help people understand the click funnels story and how it came to be and help in the process
 You'll learn a lot because you learn about like we tried we worked but didn't work
 But again, it's not going to be how to books can be more of uh telling the telling the story and the journey and um
 all that kind of stuff so
 Um, all the how-to stuffs and the secrets books you got enough you got enough secrets over there
 You're good now. You just gotta hear the story the behind the scenes stuff that they don't tell you
 They won't tell you on tv, right?
 Anyway, so uh, that's my fun project. I'm working right now and um anyway. Hopefully you guys have all the project
 you know, I think one of our
 One of our missions here in this world for all of us is to like go and learn a bunch of things right and
 Spend time and try on there and learning something and then to take what you learned and like
 Compile it in a way that you can like pass it on to people after you, right?
 So your kids or your students or your whatever your posterity
 Uh, you know, I think all of us come to earth and our goal is try to make the earth a better place when we leave
 And so how do you do that?
 Well, it's like you come on earth and you like
 Assimilate all these things then you
 You package it in a way that can like live beyond yourself and that's why we do business right?
 That's why we write books so we create courses. That's why we teach sort of make podcasts or make videos is like with the hope that
 that um
 That the stuff we've created and the stuff we discover can live on beyond ourselves
 And so for me, this is a really fun thing to be able to to take this time and um and try to retell the story, you know, I think
 uh
 And how cool would it be to the you know, a lot of I guess a lot of founders have told their story
 How cool would it be to
 You know from more companies to hear the actual all the pieces and the timelines and the people and how it all worked and how it worked together?
 So anyway, let me side it for it. This book is coming to you the year
 2030 so I got a decade to write it
 Don't don't be like we're also wins a book coming out like this is not gonna be a short project
 In fact, I'm not getting even pitch it to a publisher tell us done because uh with the traffic secrets book a publisher
 I don't know if I told you this uh, hey house
 I pitched a day house and they loved it and so um we signed a contract and I
 I'm not a contract guy I said it reading and look at it
 And then like the next week in the mail we got a check and and I was like, what's this like?
 This is your royalty check. I get a royalty check like what this is like where real authors get this is crazy
 And uh, and I'm like what do I do with it? And he's like well most people will take the year off and they write a book
 And I was like, oh well, huh. That sounds nice. Like I can't imagine that but that would be amazing
 Um, and so I took the check and you know cast and felt good about myself and then
 Uh the next day I get emails like the timeline like the book has been out by the state
 We have to publish them, you know all the stuff like and because they paid me like I felt so obligated and I had this
 Increase level of stress and anxiety like you have to have it done by the state because we gave you money
 I was like I just I want to give the money back like here. You know, just like I don't want your money
 Like your money stressing me out like just let me wrap my book in peace
 So this one's gonna be definitely different. Uh, there's no timelines attached. There's no money attached
 There's nothing till it's done. Uh, and then we'll go shop it out a couple things. I want to do
 But it's just gonna be cool
 So with all these different landmarks and timelines we try to put all the images and videos and like the stuff that we've captured
 All these you know along the way of captures so many amazing things
 So that how cool to be inside this book is is like when you can see a picture of it
 Let's say there's a video like if there's a QR code you hold your phone over and boom pops up
 And you like watch the video of the thing I'm telling you about right the experience
 Like any of the times we'd capture ricotta unless things like plugging them in
 Um
 Gosh, so cool. So anyway, that's that's kind of game plan. Who knows? We'll see what happens, but um anyway, I'm pumped
 I'm excited. Hopefully uh
 You guys are excited about some project right now of something you're creating that'll uh tell your story beyond your beyond your
 Your time here on the surface. So um, I say build legacy, right?
 That's how you that's how you take all these life experiences and and uh leave them for for the next generation
 Thanks to the people so this this I mean literally it was 11 years ago that I met Dylan
 Um, so this has all happened in the last decade last 10 years
 You know it was it was five or six years ahead of time like trying a bunch of stuff ups and downs and you know
 Meeting Dylan on the very end of the up of 2009 and then boom because I was a crash and then it's been literally a decade
 from the crash till now and um
 Anyway, now we're in the slower crash 2010 crash was the Russell crash for my business crash
 Now we're the corona crash which is a little bit different, but um anyway, all right
 That's all I got. I'm gonna go back to work. Appreciate you guys all. Thank you so much for everything and hope you guys are having an amazing day
 Um, if you got any value from this, please take a picture of it posted on Facebook or Instagram and tag me on
 I'd love to hear from you and with that said i'll talk to you all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Um arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel way from something some of you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts
 Some of you guys are funnel way from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 This strategy help you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So, uh, I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go
 Online and go to one funnel way.com. That's one funnel way.com and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way.com
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
