 What is going on everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 Today I want to talk to you about something. I'm really excited for we're actually I'm driving downtown to downtown Boise
 We're going to Bruce Wayne's penthouse
 And we are going to be doing a writing or treatment. Thanks today's so talk about what that is why we're doing it and how you can model
 Is for your business as well?
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I'm pumped for today something we've been talking about internally from us a year now doing a writing retreat
 and I'm gonna take kind of the back story behind it because
 The concept and the principle is really really cool, and I'm gonna start trying to do this more often in our business
 And we've done versions of it
 Like if you look at when we first launched a clip funnels me and Todd and Dylan used to do we call these hackathons
 What do they fight a boy scene?
 We'd spend a week where we literally wouldn't sleep or do the other than just work hard for a week and get stuff done and
 You know it was a lot it was it was a lot
 But that's how clickfunnels was born in in these times of concentrated insane amounts of effort and work and collaboration in a small group
 and
 Actually missiles like often those long time, but we still probably once a quarter so Todd and Dylan and fly out here
 And we'd lock ourselves in a room and tell our wives that we weren't gonna be able to hang out for a little bit
 And our kids and tell me love them and then we'd go and just work
 Like a week straight and it was it was awesome, but we have no such a long time, which is cool. I get it. Life's changed things are different
 But as we've been preparing for clickfunnels 2.0
 I know there's a lot of stuff to get done
 And I'm sure you're the same way you have big project coming up
 There's a million different tasks and things like that and if you are like me or like most small entrepreneurs like
 You know especially if you're solo entrepreneur like you are the copywriter you're the designer you're the fun
 Ability you're the product creator you're the like you're doing all the things right it's a lot of times where we're like shift
 Shifting our focus and tasks back and forth and back and forth and back and forth
 Which is fine and understandable and
 Necessary, but you know like great things happen in times of like radical imbalance, right?
 It's when you're focusing on one thing for a long time where connection start being made and I just come out and things like that and so
 For for us
 That's been always kind of hard thing now that we've got a team of 400 plus people and it's a big operation like
 Just to get everyone coordinated and to focus on a thing and everyone's kind of in their lanes doing their things
 It's been really really good
 but
 As you know good is the end of me to great and we're creating something great clickfunnels 2.0 is the future so future of I
 Mean I don't want to be arrogant, but I think it's the future of the internet
 At least the important part of the internet which is you know
 Entrepreneurs serving their people which all the other websites are pretty much pointless like gillens that actually matter are
 You know funnels like come on down anyway, so
 Sorry, let me sit back. So I want to talk about the just concept of the right energy where I learned it from
 It was the very first time we actually hired the Harmon brothers and haram brothers
 I think you've done four videos for us now and
 Their process is really unique and cool and so we're kind of modeling it for next two days here
 But and I've heard about it before we ever had a chance to work with them
 I heard rumors of like how to do the squatty potty one and stuff like that
 And so when we finally got a hold of them got to know them we got to do our we got to do a project with them
 Like I was so just insanely excited to see the process. It's what they do is
 They book a two-day writing retreat for every video viral video thing that they're gonna make and they book them all up in
 Sundance Utah, so they're all out of like the Provo or Mary and Felice know that's that so go up the canyon and there's
 There's this really cool place Sundance, you know your first Sundance Sundance film festivals there
 Robert Redford like that's anyway, so
 There's up there in Sundance. It's like a ski hill tons of cabins and stuff like that
 So every single time they rent a cabin for two days and then they get the people who are who own the product to come up there
 And they actually live in the cabins like we'd go up there and we'd sleep in the cabin for two two days or whatever and then
 Prior to us showing up we do a big
 You know brain dump when we talk about the business and the product and all the things and we'd we kind of like just brain dump
 Everything about the project to them and then they would go and they actually hired three different writers right three different scripts
 Which is kind of cool. So I remember when we did the very first video with them
 The script we ended up using was this one of the gold prospectors some of you guys have probably seen that video
 But they had three different pitches one one writer wrote a whole one based on this
 Magician it was the magician trying to explain funnels and it was really cool the second one wrote one basically
 Kind of like if you ever seen the video kid president
 It was kind of like that like like two kids and it was these kids explained the whole concert funnel and the third one was
 What's the gold prospector and so these writers before we shipped the right tree all three have a chance to write their version of the sales video
 they think it's gonna be best then they come back and
 and
 At the writing retreat we sit down with them and talk and then we have a chance right at the gate to hear each of the three writers read
 Their script so right number one explains, you know, this is my my motivation my creations is why I created
 Why and then they read their thing and we laugh we have really funny the writer - tells his inspiration and then reads it
 And then writer three same thing so you have three different versions of the script and all three of them at least for us
 We're amazing. They're all like these are so good like it was crazy as we read it. We are excited
 And then basically it's like a you have to pick which direction you want the most and remember for me
 At first I felt so guilty my god all the writers are so cool all the short is so cool. I don't want to like
 Anyway, I don't kill day. I want to I want to like
 To you know just to take one or just pick one I want to like say no the other two
 But that's kind of the process they wanted so eventually picked okay. We're gonna use this one
 We decided to go with the gold prospector
 So they came back and then they read the gold prospector again, so I'll get it here again
 So this is one doubling down on it's a yes, and okay cool
 And then the writers they literally leave the room and then they go into like a back bedroom or back area of the cabin
 And they spent like two hours taking that script and then rewriting it
 So they'll take you know the core script and but then you know every every script had funny jokes and funny things and funny angles and cool hooks
 And like so then all three writers for all three all they all folks on this one script
 And they start weaving things in and adding things in and it gets a tighter and tighter and tighter
 So that's about two hours, you know us and the product owners out
 You know hang it out eating food just waiting and then they come back out
 Okay, here's new version of script and they read a new one and it is like ten times funnier now
 Right the reason we start laughing and they're cool
 Like what'd you like what'd you didn't like and then other feedback their ideas and so we you know
 We brain dump on them for you know an hour or so
 And then they go okay cool
 And they break off and they go back in the room and they start writing again and then
 And they come back and they presented again and they do this back and forth and back and forth for two full days
 And then what's done we have this final script that we're just like this is the greatest thing ever like there's no way
 This could be better right and
 And then take that and they go and produce it and so that's the way the writing retreats work
 And then they did the first time they did another time and they kept they kept doing this
 Every time we did a video with them and every video they've done that's the the process they go through which is why their scripting is so solid
 I've worked with other production companies and things who focus a lot on the production or on the videos or on the you know
 All these things I've never seen somebody focus as much on the scripting which is as you know what I know
 That's the most important part the script the copy whatever you want to call it is more important than the product
 It's more important than the offers more important than the funnel is more important like
 It's the most important part. Oh me not more importantly offer the offer and the copy
 They're hand in hand they work together. Sorry. Sorry offer. I didn't want to offend you there
 But they you know really good ears to suffer and copy the cells that offers most important part
 You plug that in any funnel. It's gonna work
 But like that's the most important part they spend so much time on it and for most of us and they pens everyone's business different levels
 You know sometimes we'd hire a copywriter and they'd go ride it or I'd ride the copy or we try to do something or say
 Oh crap the launch is happening in two days now
 I like click on a camera and rustle record of sales video and luckily for me
 I've been doing this now for over 20 years, so I've written enough copy and not enough copied
 I can click go on a camera and I can write I can from the top my head speak pretty good copy
 Not as good as like if I was to script it out and make it perfect, but I can get pretty close
 At least to my warm audience where I can give most of my warm audience to buy it
 But you start going further out trying to get you know
 Colder and colder audiences your scripting is the key and having it really really good
 And so the reason why I'm telling you this and why I'm so excited to drive down there is it with click
 On a super in a lunch coming up, you know our default view spending all this time energy like building the software getting it perfect
 All kind of stuff and then lunch lunch day comes like oh we need to build a funnel for oh we need to you know
 And we start like thinking about those things later and they you know and then what's the email secret?
 We're gonna get how's it gonna work and like all the rest of that stuff we think about
 Secondarily sorry my test was yelling at me
 I think about secondarily and then we put it out there and you know
 We do it good enough where our warm audience will buy it
 And then we try to move to cold audiences and beyond and it's not right. It's not correct doesn't get people to to buy and stuff like that
 And so then we're tweaking it and changing it and all these kind of things
 And so what I wanted to do was step back and say okay, let's let's plan this today like what is like what's the hook?
 What's the offer like where are we going with two-point like what's the right message?
 What problems we actually saw what are the different things like how are we trying to speak this audience?
 You know so what's the what's the copy and what's the video sell the video gonna be?
 What's the long-form cells and what are the email sequences where the copy where the jig would be really copy?
 What's our copy?
 What's the we're doing challenge before we're not doing shit like all the things want to map out with the writers?
 So we know exactly what it and then we're gonna start actually writing and getting things back getting feedback going back and forth and back and forth and
 kicking this process off and now then I can you know
 I can for two days coming here like focus my brain and energy on trying to like you know do what I can to help
 Everybody here, but I can step back and then the writers can spend the next you know
 Obviously today's concentrate time, but then the next two or three months, you know
 Working on these things and perfect seems to live more than we have all the assets all the things
 We got something we can use to to really rock and roll
 And so that's the point is writing retreat now. It's fun about it is like as we planned this and got through it
 You know everyone else in the company like well, I want to do a retreat and Todd's done
 I mean with the development team is building click phones 2.0
 He's done hackathons these guys all the time they're different departments like people working on the e-commerce features fly out
 And spend a week with you know, and to with Todd and people working on the funnel builder or the editor
 It's like they've been doing these meetups
 But on the marketing side
 It's been the first time so this is the first writing retreat and we're excited and then all the funnel builders and designer
 Like we need a funnel design retreat
 And so I think the next we're gonna do is that we're coming in like folks on the structure the design and the elements of the funnel to make sure that
 that's flawless and perfect and then
 Potentially ads seem to come out and do the same with the ads seem to like create the ads and then creative in the
 Those kind of things but doing these things where at least on my static spend two days focused
 Giving everybody the right direction as opposed to again typically in our business
 I'm sure that you're like me. We're juggling two bajillion things and trying to do them all and it's really hard
 To get all the you know the brain dump and the time that hen she needs to really make something great
 And so I want to encourage you guys, you know, they say that good as the enemies are great
 And I think most of you guys if you have any success you're doing things really good
 Obviously, but if you want to get to next level if you want to go from you know million to ten ten to a hundred a hundred to a billion
 Which is the path that I'm sprinting on right now like you have to you have to become better, right?
 You have to you have to have more focus more quality more things on the places that matter the most and so
 That's what I recommend for you guys. It's a thing about I like okay
 How can you do a version of this for your company? Can you do a writing retreat? Can you do a funnel building retreat?
 Can you do a an ad retreat? Can you do a development retreat?
 Like whatever it is with your people and I'm not bringing the entire team together
 That would be 400 people be like a little mini funnel hockey live, but all the people are gonna be writing you're here
 That way they can hear it straight from my mouth like division the direction like all kinds of things opposed to acting to
 Hear water down through five or six levels. You know, I mean so
 Anyway, there you go. Call him hackathons call him writing retreats call him whatever you want
 But find some time to to take what you're doing and you make it take it from good to great
 Like I said, I had a chance to see firsthand now four times with harm and brothers and it is amazing like it's it's funny like
 Whenever we read the first verse in the script
 I'm like that's perfect
 Let's just go produce it like there's no way can get better than that like it's flawless and then by you know by lunch
 I'm like oh my gosh. How'd you make it better like this?
 Flawless let's go produce it and they're like no, we're not done and then you know at dinner time
 Like here's the next one like oh, there's no way to get better. Let's produce this like we're only halfway through
 You know he's going going going and it's like man
 Things can really go from good to great if if you'll put in the focus time and energy and an effort
 So this is the process for testing out. I know Gora's got a version that they do it's a little different but
 You know Gora multi-billion dollar company this the same process they do with their writers
 In fact, they've got a really good book to kind of see how they structure it's called copy logic
 It's how the writers write together and how they
 Braids from in feedback and give you give ideas without like talking negative or talking down but like
 They create an environment where writers can all be creative together as opposed to them like fighting against each other
 And so that book copy logic. I don't think it's sold more than a dozen copies and probably most of them were to me
 But Gora's not good at selling their like their books on like how they do their copy and stuff. They write them
 They're amazing. They don't really have a channel to sell those things through
 So copy logic's a really good one about how they they structure their writing things
 But would it work for anything from ad an ad retreat it would work from a
 From the funnel billet or two like just the way they structure the creativity things like that another great book that
 Gora put out it's called great leads
 Which is like the lead of a video ourselves video sells letter things like big initial the first 20% like that lead
 That's the key like had he create that lead that really grabs somebody so all right. That's what I got
 Hope you guys are awesome. Oh, can I have one more thing? Oh, sorry
 I've been focusing getting all the research prior to this right so a couple things I've been doing to prepare for this and I
 Kind of fell I should have more prep work with my team about this
 but the first hour so it's morning's gonna be focused on this but
 For us a couple things number one is if you read the book
 Play bigger which is all about via category king. You know, this is what we're we've done
 We're trying to double down on re-establish like how do you become the category king?
 But we had for the our I have a mastermind group called category Kings, but for our category Kings mastermind
 We had one of the authors come and speak to us and the biggest thing he said is like
 He's like if you can define the problem you solve
 That's how you do how you develop your categories like what's the problem you solve and that's like a really simple thing
 Oh, it's just like I I help
 People build funnels. It's like that the problem like well. No, that's not the actual problem. That's like the solution. What's the problem?
 He spent like an entire day with us and entire all the category Kings on trying to figure out what our problem was
 Which was always gonna be super easy. It was not it took us I
 Mean the entire day and I know it was and then we went back and brainstormed talk about and we did a meeting with
 You know Todd and Dave and Brett and John and Dan like our core team
 And we spent like three or four hours again on like just trying to solve like what is our problem?
 We finally got down to like what I think is our problem
 Which I'm gonna present today to everybody on the writer and she's then you're writers
 I'm just like the problem that we actually solve is this right
 Because if you understand that then that defines your category and then you can do everything
 If you don't have that
 Define to figure it out then it's just like I'm selling everybody and you're not a category king
 So number one number two if you've heard of Chet Holmes Chet is one of my early mentors here wrote a book called
 The ultimate sales machine I splinked out for second the ultimate sales machine
 and
 Chet passed away a couple years ago
 but his daughter Amanda Holmes took over the company and
 One of the principles that Chet talks about in his book is called the core story and so they had a side
 Part of the company where they actually would build a core story for you and so a message Amanda who she's literally
 Like the coolest person ever and I was like I want to do core story
 I want you guys to do a core story for me and she's like it was funny because she's like okay
 You can jump on a 15-20 minute call I got some slides to go over with you
 I was like I know you can try to sell me. I just want to wire you the money
 I got it need to be sold shake no, but we can jump on like I literally like I just want to send you money
 So you can do this for me. She's kind of lash like okay. Here's the wire info like how much is it?
 I think it was actually I have no idea. I think it was 25 or 30 grand or something like that, but
 what they what they do
 With the core story is they try to figure out like like your stadium picture course like what is your thing?
 And so they don't do it from a standpoint like most of us who are copywriters and marketers like we're telling our own stories
 We're trying like how we found the thing and like epiphany bridge stories
 All the stuff I always talk about but what a core story is and fastening is it's all it's not driven on like your story your experience is your
 Case study testimonials. It's it's written based on market data. It's like
 Like when you look at the the actual data like what's happening in the world like it's all about that
 So you pay them they could do like a bajillion interviews with you which is you know are not my favorite part
 But they they go through all and then from there they figure out all these like
 Hypots of where they think there's gonna be data that's gonna support arguments find things and so
 It's crazy and then from that they go and they find all the data
 They bring it all back and they have give you just like you know a billion pages of all the the stuff the stats
 The things to prove that like that you're to prove your case
 Which is really cool and then secondarily actually write the core story for you
 Which is this thing you can use your elevator picture stating pitch and unfortunately the core story wasn't done before this
 I was hoping it would be so we could like have it for the ride and retreat
 But we did have back is all to the market research and the data
 So we're able to bring that to this meeting as well. I'm like, hey, here's here's the stats
 Here's the number two to all the stuff so we can incorporate not just our own gut feelings not just our own stories
 Not just our own success stories
 But also the market data the market research and weaving those things into as well so that we have we have
 Not just the emotional arguments, but the logical arguments as well
 That we can weave into the copy and the videos and the sales pages and all the things we're doing
 So anyway, I don't know about you, but I'm pumped about it. It's exciting. There's so much fun stuff happening
 And that's what's going on for the next two days. So I'm almost downtown and that's what I'll be
 We'll do with our team. So there you go you guys. There's some ideas some thoughts
 Hopefully, you know amongst all these ideas that you know two or three things you pull away
 Like I think you should do a riding retreat with your team you should do a fun way to eat an ad retreat
 We can focus on something and make it go from good to great
 I think you should try to figure out the problem that you actually solve as a business
 I think that you should figure out your core story if you don't want to pay Amanda a ton of money
 Then go read the ultimate sales machine read the section on core story and like figure out your own course
 It's a core story or if you're like me and you just want to just buy your way to the end go throw some money in a
 Mad Dad she'll do all the work for you. She's amazing. So
 Anyway, whoo there you go. That's an almost a 20-minute podcast you guys actually give it. I got a long drive downtown
 I've got a long drive home tonight and one downtown tomorrow again. So maybe we'll get a couple more of these longer ones for you
 I hope that you're all doing amazing
 Hope your business are thriving you're able to get ahold of the people that you've been called to serve
 So you can change their lives and help that the marketing secrets and ideas and things
 I try to share with you here are helping to expand your mind and expand your reach and get you to do
 To find those people who are looking for you. So I appreciate you guys for being entrepreneurs who serve your audiences at the top of your
 abilities I
 Respect you guys admire you guys. You're the reason why I do this at this point
 In my career in my life and I'm grateful for you. So that's it. Thanks so much and I'll talk to you as also. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the
 Future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at
 No BS letter dot com not only you can get the
 $20,000 gift you also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to No BS letter dot com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
