 Hey everyone this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 I'm so excited for the next three episodes for you guys. It's gonna be so cool
 All right, so the number one request I get by far from all of you guys from all of people listening to the podcast from all my final hackers
 Every funnel I can live at every everything
 People ask is we want to hear from your wife?
 How in the world does she deal with you as an entrepreneur?
 How do entrepreneurial families work? How do we like we get so many questions for Klet all the time?
 And I'm not gonna lie. I'm very protective my beautiful wife and
 You know, this is not her world
 She doesn't step on stage and speaking for thousands of people she doesn't feel comfortable there
 You know the first couple years of events you name come to him
 She stayed at home and supported us and took care of the family and and things like that
 And it was just something that I was always kind of
 Nervous introducing her to and the very first flocking live
 Remember she came to it. She said she walked in she saw the the audience and she started balling
 She's like oh my gosh. I had no idea that this is what was actually happening
 She was like I'm supporting you and doing these things
 I didn't know the fruits of it and it's fun because every year she comes for a lucky live now
 She's sitting on the front row and she's like I understand half the things you guys are saying
 but I just love the energy and the people and the stories and
 Anyway, she is my favorite person on this planet and I'm so grateful for her
 She's amazing and I always say you can only be as successful as your spouse will allow you to be and so without her
 There's no way that I could have become who I've become and there's no way that I could have
 You know form this team and build click funnels and all the amazing things that
 The fruits of all this this work we've been doing for the last decade and a half
 Would not have been possible without my wife Collette and so it's funny because people always want to hear from her
 And I always just tell them no, but I'm very impressed so my friends the latimer's Josh latimer joined my inner circle a little
 while ago and he
 Played things so well and went to he came the very first flocking live and the first thing he did is he ran
 I found my wife Collette and and kind of put some perspective most people and they see me at flocking live for the airport or anywhere
 They run and they like they like push my wife aside and like Russell and they don't even pay attention to her and it's it's
 That's how you tell if you failed the test if you didn't say hi to my wife and you acknowledge her you failed the test
 That's basically it if you ever want me to call you back or pay attention
 How do you treat my wife is how how much attention I will pay back to you?
 So it's kind of funny because people always just like brush her side and just ask me the question
 It's like ah you guys missed it
 You missed the you know the most important thing in the world of me and you didn't even acknowledge it and Josh
 It was the opposite he first thing he ran to Collette said hey
 I'm here to thank you
 It's like I know the sacrifice that my wife's gone through from my business to get here
 And I know the sacrifice that you're going through behind the scenes every single day and just so grateful for you
 And so because of that my wife knew who he was and because when he asked kind of you sing
 You know he'd open the door and and he planted the seeds and so
 Reluctantly I finally said yes and
 And him and his wife working on a really cool project in fact
 It's not all live yet, but if you go to honor and fire comms HONOR
 FIR E.com honor and fire as right now. There's a family checklist system there
 but they're building a whole system for entrepreneurial families and what they're doing is super cool and it's fun and
 I want to share with you guys
 But this interview is part of one of their training courses
 They have for families and so they allowed me to be able to share with you guys
 And so you guys have a chance to hear ten questions
 With my wife and I talking about
 Entrepreneurship and families and how it all works together. So this is the very first. I'm gonna break this into three episodes
 episode number one
 We're gonna cover three questions that they ask the very first question is what is the best slash hardest thing about being an entrepreneur?
 Number two is how is it possible to aggressively pursue business dreams, but still have a happy home life and number three
 Talk about a hard time in your life and so we're gonna share those three questions on this episode and then come back tomorrow
 We'll share with you guys episode number two
 So after this is done pause your phone and go to honor and fire calm and go opt in get your get the family
 the family systems checklist from the Vladimir family and this will help you to to grow your family
 To be able to have successful business and a family at the same time
 So I think Vladimir family for allowing us to share this interview with you guys
 And again go to honor and fire calm to go opt in and that's it bring to the theme song when we come back
 We're listening to the first of three
 segments of the interview with my beautiful wife Collette
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey my friends, how the heck are you? I'm so excited that you're here hanging out with us
 You get to look behind the curtain
 In terms of business and family in a way that I've never seen done before
 We're gonna ask Collette and Russell Brunson some questions about their family their culture their story
 And just to just the raw truth about like the good and the bad and how it's really hard to grow business
 It's really hard to be married. It's hard to have be a parent and you mix it all together
 And it's like this cocktail of potential destruction
 But but they're still there and it seems like they love each other. I'm pretty sure they love each other
 Thank you and Collette for being here. How are you doing amazing that to be here? Yeah, super excited
 My wife on camera for the first time. It's exciting the big deal
 You're gonna. Oh Collette big time. We gotta think of something really epic to send her because you know
 This is not near comfort zone, but it's gonna help so many people. It's inspiring to them
 So without further ado the first question is an easy one
 I think and the first question is what is from your perspective the best thing in the hardest thing
 Just about being an entrepreneurial family because this is a weird lifestyle. What's the good and the bad from both of your perspectives?
 You want to start you?
 All right, I'll start so I think
 I think the best part
 This is my my beliefs the best part is like all the people we have a chance to serve
 Like that's why we do the fun on the live and these events and like now it's funny because
 Now it's like we're in a celebrity's like at the airport people come to us at the weirdest spots
 Like people run to us and and the consistent themes like oh my gosh you changed my life you changed my life
 I think that's it's the best part. I think it's fun to see the kids the kids will be like yeah
 I got spotted again, which is I think
 We're the waffle place the other day and some guy came up and was like
 Also, press you changed my life my kids right like I got spotted again. I
 Think that's the best part the hardest part is like
 It's just hard
 It's like like you said there's
 There's there's three big aspects
 There's like the marriage there's the kids and there's the business and all of them take a lot of time
 We did the love language tests our kids on Sunday and all except for one of our kids love language is quality time
 It's like all the time to go around we have so many kids, you know
 I think the hard part is just is sometimes you get caught up in the business side
 It's like I gotta remember like this is what's actually most important
 How do I shift my focus back to them and how do we you know how do we break away from I think I think sometimes business you if you
 When you're having success you get like the the positive feedback all the time
 You know and then you go home and it's like oh my kids are struggling here
 It's it's it's it's harder. You don't get the immediate positive feedback
 So a lot of times I think it's just like okay, but this is the most important part
 We got to go and do it. I think that's a hard part sometimes
 And I think to see the best thing for me
 I
 Guess it is it is seeing how lives are changed and things like that is super empowering
 I remember one of the first mental hacking lives that went to I just had Nora and I walked into the room and I'm like
 What's happening like these people are here for you
 You're home with all the kids sometimes you know he goes and he does this thing and
 Then I'm home and then so my eyes are really open to that first final hacking experience when and I had a moment
 I super home or more more anyway, but
 Just bald I did the ugly cry for a minute from my queen of sec. So that's really cool
 So the best thing for me is to see him chase his dream change people's lives
 but also like for being at home to being able to be at home with my kids and
 So that's really really cool. I think it's opposite
 So the hardest thing for me sometimes is being spot it. So I'm like
 Make up today, but whatever it's fine. We're real people
 So sometimes that's hard for me or sometimes look at super excited to see Russell
 They're like Russell Brunson and then they push me out of the way or you know like
 Big mistake
 No just kidding. I don't care but
 Yeah, so sometimes sure though if you guys want to be smart like this is why we're on to be right now
 Josh is very smart man
 The first person he said hi to his collet and now we're here
 And so if you were the other way around it doesn't work that way so
 Yeah, it's from where I'm playing the other name and somewhere right up and it's like
 Like all excited meet me and he's from Rexburg which would collect grew up
 Let's say I'm from Rexburg. He's like oh and he's kept going and it's just like
 All right, we think I'm not gonna remember your name now
 I
 Couldn't have done anything without her and that's the reality right? I mean
 When you're doing marketing and you're the face and you're being the charismatic leader and stuff
 That's one thing
 but there's times when you're frustrated and you're breaking down and you're like crying and it's hard and
 Clickbinnells wasn't always a hundred million dollar thing. It was an idea and Todd's coding and you're like
 The dynamic is so hard when you're launching something and this is
 Everything and so it was totally authentic the whole say thanks to collect because clickbinnells did change our life
 Joining in her circle changed our life
 I mean for lots of reasons, but I know that that doesn't happen without her doing all kinds of stuff holding you up doing
 Just it's huge and I know that other married entrepreneurs know exactly what we're talking about right now
 Real quick, I forgot to ask in the beginning how long have you guys been married?
 I think a lot of people probably know your story in general, but
 How long has it been how many kids do you have tell us about that?
 So we've been married almost 17 years
 It'll be 17 in August and we have five kids ranging 13 to 4 and
 Yeah, okay. Yeah, we've been married 17 years in July. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's awesome. Oh wow ready for question number two
 Yes, how is it possible to aggressively pursue business dreams and still have a healthy home life?
 That's my question
 You know it's interesting
 It's been it's kind of weird now
 We've had a lot of friends who are in business recently who have made the split and it's like and I don't know
 It's it's every time it happens. It's like it's like heart-wrenching for us
 It's like oh like you did the hard things together and then like we're supposed to be celebrating us when they they split it's it's tough
 You know, there's a there's a quote that that
 that this guy and David Omen case they said and no success can compensate for failure in the home and
 That's like a thing that
 Like rings my head all the time
 I'm working on my stress. You have all sorts of stuff and then you know
 It's like because resting practice happening where we're gonna do this or whatever and it's like my head the easy thing
 It's just like oh I too busy can't do that then like that that quote comes in my head like no success and comms
 They fulfill your home and a lot of times I just have to stop day
 The day's done. I got it. I got to be done even though like there's so many things are happening
 There's so much stress and anxiety and like a billion emails that an answer to and 500 voicemail
 You know like all these things it's like I just have to stop and like and come home and
 And I think that's that's a big part of it. I think the other thing that's been really good
 We kind of learned this early in the marriage
 like I
 Think sometimes you know spend our time from you like you have to pull on either you have to go be gone for weekend
 I think at the beginning our marriage was really bad like letting her know that until it's like 939
 I might say where are you like oh I'm not coming home tonight like and then last one the friction would always happen
 And I think I better like knowing like okay next week
 Todd's coming to town
 There's probably gonna be night or two that's gonna be it's like when you were like aware of it
 And it's like then it was okay and we were able to kind of like just figure things out and so communication
 I think is a big thing, you know, I don't think we're the best communicators are still learning that part of our life
 We're still learning that but I think as we've gotten better like that
 That's where it's like I'm gonna go really really aggressive because I know that like she knows that I'm gone this time
 And she can support it and then vice versa, and it's just it helps to you know helps it kind of I even it all out
 Mm-hmm. Yeah, no, I second that 100% I think communications huge and we're not the best at it
 And it's been a lot of I mean
 Sometimes yeah upset and sad and whatever the emotions that come there angry. It's not sad angry
 But but I really feel blessed like we
 Like Russell said, you know, there are a lot of people that do this journey and then you know
 Sometimes it's so hard that their marriages do fail or the partnership fails
 So I really feel blessed because I really feel it's also attitude
 and I feel like we've portrayed a lot of positive energy to our family and to our kids and
 Then they kind of see that too, and I just think it's really a neat thing that
 as aggressively as
 This entrepreneurship world is and as fast and furious as Russell's brain works and goes
 It's really cool for them to be like oh my goodness
 But it's for me to as a mom seeing a couple of the kids their brains kind of taking over and starting to aggressively
 Have these dreams and I'm like, how do I?
 You know, but it's really cool
 Like how do I keep that a healthy thing for them and say discourage them and be like wait wait wait
 Let's do these other things first it's hard sometimes in gallon like as a million dollar idea right?
 You're your homework you like you know, it's like
 You have to
 Why do you guys are believers too, and that's you know like a consistent theme like with a lot of
 The high achievers that we're gonna be interviewing for this is like that's an anchor
 I know that's a huge part of your life as well, right? We love Jesus and we're a Christian family and stuff
 Question number three I'm gonna ask you about a time when it was really hard, which maybe that never happened for you
 But you know talking about love language. I think there's there should be a book called the fight language -
 Assley's way language is passive aggressive so like she doesn't talk
 When she doesn't talk I tell her to stop yelling at me because I say that that's the equivalent of yelling
 It's just a different methodology. Yes, you should tell it right that book that'd be the greatest
 Right so so tell us about a time on your journey
 Whenever whatever comes to mind when it was really hard. Maybe there's friction
 Maybe it's financial uncertainty God knows you went through a lot of that
 And how did you get through it?
 Okay, let's see
 Like what does my dad you rose as much as people think yeah, it's really a hard journey
 I want to say I'm gonna start with Ellie like when I was pregnant with Ellie
 I feel like I was kind of struggling with my identity a little bit and
 Things like that
 I was like going with this
 but I think back our marriage was kind of struggling and
 Was it a seven-year niche? No, maybe it wasn't
 Okay, it was a seven-year niche and I was really going through a funk and he was going through a funk
 And we were trying to figure out things and you guys therapies amazing like do it
 Hard times through marriage and then business. So I would say it's good to have coaches
 It's good to have like 20 Robbins changed my life like I went to that UPW that I came home on cloud number
 10,000 and I feel like I came home a better
 wife and mom and I feel like you need to redo that because I feel like then all of a sudden you go down that slippery slope again
 So relationship wise I feel like 2007 ish
 But then business wise 2010 we took a pretty big hit and
 But communication so I didn't really know and so I'm like let's put a Disney land this go to Disney money
 He's like we're broke and I'm like what?
 Rich I was trying to protect you from this one day
 Totally really
 Sometimes I was like oh I need it. I told my mom I went to sorry
 This is about you guys like I went to the ATM and I was like mom
 I don't know if I can get $40 out to go to the garage to a garage sale
 she was like okay, so I look at my bank account and it's like
 Multiple figures like thousands and thousands and I was like she's like so are we good like yep?
 So exciting the central world yeah
 I think I was thinking about that for me the
 Partices and I showed I shared the story for my life and it's funny because that first clip came up that hit me
 You remember like yeah, I'm like
 Partnership he held a lot of information for me and so at that the it was Dallas
 I believe when I was bawling my eyeballs out so Mike you were going to that alone and that's not okay
 Yeah, so I was trying to keep it a secret for her because I'm the man
 I don't want to like true, you know and like I was always we always had the money
 And I'll like back then like basically we had a paycheck every single month they covered like all our living expenses
 I was like long as that doesn't shift then her world is up to shift at all
 So I didn't want to like put any stress or stress or pressure on her and the kids
 It's like anything like that if you've got worse like that I didn't like lower that
 You know then I bring it up
 I was like I handle this I go every single day and just you know we had
 Man, it was a horrible way to laugh like 70-80 people in one day
 We like lost all of our immersion and can't see it was just battle after battle. It was like a year of just
 like the most
 stress and pressure ever
 But one of the most impactful moments of that whole journey
 And I remember where it was in the timeline
 All I remember is that I was trying to take all this pressure and just burn myself
 Like if I give it was my fault
 I'd messed up and and that was not just keeping it from her
 But it's keeping it from God keeping it from everything. Yeah, everyone morning
 I was just like in the room and I was just
 Disaster and I had to know to do and I didn't want to go in the office
 but I had to and like all these things and I was just like in tears and I remember I don't remember this
 I mean you grabbing me like pulling me to my knees and
 And we need to pray right now and I think you prayed for me and prayed for the business and prayed for everything
 And it was one of those moments where I was just like I'm not alone
 You know I have my wife I have God I have other things and I have to like I need to rely I can't keep relying on myself
 And that was like really the turning point
 for me, so that was definitely the hardest part and then the probably coolest thing that came from that and helped me to
 Be more more open
 Thank you for sharing that. I mean that that is heavy stuff
 That's exactly what we're looking at because I know that that's the case for everybody in their own way
 Like that's the reality because we when we're front stage
 You got to be doing the thing right but there's all this stuff happening behind the scenes. It's just incredible
 Did you have something you wanted to add to that collect? No, I was it was funny because I was thinking of that exact same story
 Like when I grabbed him and I pulled him down and Michael we need to pray like
 Anyway, so they're like hold that you showed that felt that energy
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot-com
 Seekers and you get your free copy at dot-com secrets dot-com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
