 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Now if you are watching this at marketingsecrets.com you can go watch the video of me showing you
 something cool.
 If you're just listening to iTunes that's cool too but if you're on marketingsecrets.com
 you can actually see what I'm going to show you guys.
 So, last week I did a podcast a couple days ago about planting seeds of doubt.
 All these people messaged me like Russell you're so mean.
 I was like, I wasn't trying to be mean with this.
 I'm trying to explain a really important marketing principle.
 And so I want to show you guys something to kind of prove this whole thing works.
 Slidey is Steve Larson which is next to me everyday building funnels.
 And we first started working for me.
 At the time I had a water filter machine.
 I was in Athena that we paid I think three grand for and I always loved it because it's
 like this really cool thing.
 It filtered our water and did all this cool stuff.
 And then he told me he's like, oh well if you're using that brand it actually doesn't
 work so there's only one brand that is any good and it's a company he used to work for
 called Echo.
 And I was like really like why?
 And he said well they had this patent.
 He said most water machines the way they filter.
 He said after like five or six filters it builds up all this residue on something and
 it stops working.
 And he said this company has a patent what they do is that every time you turn on it
 flips this thing which breaks and then it pushes through and breaks off the stuff so
 it keeps working.
 Now, I have no idea if that's true.
 He made it completely made it up for all I know.
 But he planted a seed of doubt and that seed of doubt became so big that my Athena
 water machine that I love in fact my kids used to call it magic water every single day
 we would go and we would make magic water out of it.
 It is enough sitting as you see here in my garage and this big pile of garbage.
 We stripped out the wall actually cut the plug because it was hard to get to and it's
 gone.
 It's just sitting there now because I don't know if it works.
 I have a seed of doubt.
 And then I was going to get a conga and he's like no conga can't do these guys are the
 only ones in the world that have the patent.
 And so because of that guess what I have right over here.
 You never guess.
 Yes, it is one of the echo machines and sorry it's kind of mess here in the wander miss
 where we have it because my wife doesn't think these look very good and they are kind
 ugly.
 But now I come here and this is where I get on the water from is the echo machine.
 Okay.
 Now again, I have no idea if it actually is better to be worse for all I know.
 But he places the seed of doubt that caused me to rip my old machine out and put a new
 one in and not go with other competitors.
 So the marketing principle is true whether you're doing about yourself other people.
 How can you place a seed of doubt?
 So there's a follow up from yesterday for those who think that I was mean.
 It's not being mean you guys.
 I'm just teaching a good marketing principle.
 Anyway, so that's what I got.
 All right.
 Now one more thing I want to share with you guys because this is important.
 I think a lot of people struggle with this is having faith before you take action.
 Okay.
 Entrepreneurs, if you'd be successful, you have to have faith first, right?
 You don't know that your product, your services going to work.
 Like if you have that guarantee, then everybody would do it.
 If you're like, Oh, I'm guaranteed.
 In fact, that's why people go to school.
 Cause they go, Oh, I'm guaranteed to get a job.
 Turns out you're not.
 At least not a good job.
 But people because of the guarantee they do it, right?
 Entrepreneurship, entrepreneurship, all about not guaranteeing.
 And so you have to like have an idea and then you have to have faith in yourself.
 If you're not faith in yourself, then then you have like, then you're not going to do
 it and then you're not going to success and then all this disappears.
 So we're all hinges on faith.
 That's weird.
 I don't know if you guys are a religious or not and it doesn't really matter to me for
 this thing, but religion is the same way, right?
 Like we get the, like we have to have faith first, then we take that step forward and
 then the truth is manifested back to us like, Oh, that thing you did was actually right.
 But if you knew ahead of time, then what's the point?
 There's no challenge.
 There's no, there's no, this whole life becomes really boring if there's no faith.
 If you knew the answer to everything before you went into it, then why would it seem to
 be fun?
 It wouldn't.
 We'd be bored out of our minds.
 I'm telling you this because I had a funny experience today that I want to illustrate
 because it's kind of illustrases and it's why a lot of people struggle is because they
 don't have faith first.
 They're waiting for the perfect answer before they move.
 So there's this guy, I'm not going to mention his name.
 He's a cool guy, but like three or four times over the last two years, he's messaging me
 asking about my inner circle and he always like, I'm going to join man.
 I'm like, cool.
 Like here's where he applies it.
 Why ask questions first?
 I always ask him a bunch of questions and he never applies.
 So yeah, it just happened, I think at least through maybe four times in the last two years.
 And I'm always like, hey man, like go get in a circle.
 I can work with you.
 Like I do get my best coaching, you know, almost a million entrepreneurs, but I can't
 talk to every person individually.
 I wish I could, but I can't because there's like a hundred people going to circle unboxing
 every single day on my phone, trying to keep with them as well as running my own company
 and my family and my church and the scout group and everything else I'm doing.
 It's insane, right?
 I can't help everybody.
 I wish I could, but the people I can't help their inner circle at, this is how it works.
 So get in your circle, I can look deeper in your stuff.
 Anyway, so he messaged me today.
 Kind of what he said.
 He said, what you're thinking?
 He showed me his funnel.
 He said, compliments, click funnels.
 I was like, oh cool man, you got done.
 Congratulations, looks great.
 And then he said, problem is, this is the best.
 Problem is I can't get, I can't get it to sell for the life of me.
 When people try it, they're hooked.
 But getting people to buy it, the gate, no bueno.
 And so I went back to side to look a little closer and I looked like I smiled and I sent
 Steven Larson as well.
 I'm like, hey, everything about this funnel.
 I'm like, I want to know in three seconds.
 In three seconds, he's like boom, boom, boom.
 I was like exactly the three seconds I saw as well.
 And I was like, I can just tell him, but he missed the whole point.
 So I came back and said, and I was trying to help him out.
 So I said, I won't tell you the answer because you didn't join the inner circle three times.
 You asked me about it, haha.
 But here's a hint.
 And I gave him a link to a certain funnel.
 I said, the answer is in this funnel.
 And it is, everything he's looking forward in that funnel.
 He didn't.
 So that means it was a huge head up, heads up hopefully.
 Anyway.
 We'll see if he runs it or not.
 But I sent that and just kind of said that way.
 And he said, was my video wrong?
 They asked me if it was the video.
 It's not the video of the video.
 Could you smell?
 We said the reason I didn't join was because I didn't think the inner circle could help
 me with my specific problem and it names his product.
 And I didn't want to just throw 25K at the wall, not knowing.
 Okay.
 So I got that.
 I laughed out loud and I read it to Steven.
 And he laughed because first off, the inner circle is all about personalizing your product.
 What is your problem?
 And you message me and I tell you the answer.
 So it's the most personalized coaching program on planet earth for our industry, right?
 So it's like, I don't think it would help my specific problem.
 And I didn't want to throw 25K at the wall, not knowing.
 So I didn't want to have faith in just like, assume that you know what you're talking about
 and seeing these help hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs.
 And you know, you have all these people that paid you 25K a year.
 They renew every single year because you just keep helping a multi-pietence or all supplement
 companies.
 So I'm not going to pay you.
 And then he said this, after looking at blank, if you have some big ideas on how to blow it
 up that you know the 25K would be a jump change for investing to get your help, then obviously
 that's no brainer.
 So he says, if I can come to him and say, "Hey man, I know exactly what it is.
 Give me 25K and I'll tell you these things I guarantee you'll make more than that."
 Then he would do it.
 Then he will take a leap of faith when there's no leap of faith to be made.
 I was just like, my goal was not to sell you an inner circle.
 My goal is not to tell you, I know the secret, "Give me 25K and I'll tell you," like you
 missed the whole point.
 The point is that you have to have faith first.
 You have to like, the mentors I've hired in my life, I didn't know if they were going
 to be good.
 I looked at them, I tried to do my research.
 I thought other people they worked with and you're just like, "Okay, I don't know but
 I'm going to have faith and I'm going to take a step forward."
 And then when you get rewarded for it, right?
 Anyway, I wrote back and said, "Sorry man, inner circle is closed for now anyway."
 But the answer is in that funnel.
 So hopefully you find it.
 It's there for them.
 Again, I don't want to be a jerk, but just like, I get some people hitting it, but I
 can't.
 If I could help them for free, I would, because it's so much fun.
 But it's just interesting how people don't want to take that faith.
 And if you want to be an entrepreneur, you have to understand that's the game, that's
 the whole entire thing is you have to have faith first, faith in your idea, faith in the
 product, faith in the process, faith in the coaches, faith in the mentors, faith in all
 these different things.
 And you're not going to know ahead of time.
 If you did, it's not entrepreneurship.
 If you did, it's no fun.
 If somebody came to you and said, "This is Zach, product, sales, message, everything
 of that," then you did it and it worked.
 It's like gambling.
 It's like cheating.
 It doesn't count.
 It's not real.
 It comes from the excitement, the thrill, the fun, the satisfaction.
 Everything comes from the success of it.
 I remember I started wrestling.
 When I started wrestling, I never started wrestling.
 We'll start at the same time.
 And it was interesting because after a year, he quit.
 But within three years, I want to stay title.
 I remember after when we stayed title, he told me, "Oh, man, I could want to stay title
 too, but I just didn't want to put it in the effort."
 I was like, "Can you hear me?"
 I went through the last three years to get that, to earn that.
 If I were to know up front, I guarantee you to stay title, I don't know if it was not
 any fun.
 I would have been like, "Oh, what's the point that if I can guarantee you to stay title
 if I do it, then why would I even do it?"
 The not knowing is what makes it great.
 The fear of failure is what makes the success so great.
 If you don't have that, can you imagine what life would be like?
 You guys know how boring it would be?
 Every single day you wake up and you know there's no chance of failure.
 So you just, "Oh, I can't even imagine."
 I would, "Oh, anyway, so I want my message for you guys today as an entrepreneur is
 you have to understand that it takes the faith first.
 You have the faith.
 You take the step and then you reward it.
 Sometimes we put our faith in the wrong things, which is understandable.
 When we follow something, it doesn't work.
 If we hire someone and they don't work out, but it shouldn't lose faith in all things.
 It's, they make out the wrong mentor, the wrong person, but keep putting faith in people,
 in ideas, in products, because one of them work.
 They don't all work.
 That's okay, but they will if you do that first.
 So anyway, you gotta have faith.
 It's George Michaels to say.
 That's like, I guys appreciate you all have an amazing day and I will see you guys tomorrow.
 Bye everybody.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 [MUSIC]
