 Hey everyone, it's Russell again. Welcome to the next episode of marketing secrets. This is part two of the one funnel way presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right guys, so hopefully you enjoyed yesterday's episode if you did like it
 I hope that you have shared it totally people go listen to it and today's gonna be the exciting conclusion of Russell's bankruptcy and failure stories
 So I hope you guys enjoy it
 It should be a lot of fun
 Listen to it if you're online at marketing secrets.com you can watch it
 There's a video there we can share and see the actual presentation as well
 But I hope this helps you helps give you faith and hope in what you're doing what you're creating and where you were trying to go with your
 Business and people's lives you're gonna serve so with that said enjoy my failures
 I hope you guys have a good time with it and I'll see you guys soon
 now
 The pros and the cons of this the pros is this was really really awesome and I was like is getting good entrepreneur on my cake
 What's the book nail it and scale it like we nailed it right? Okay, let's scale this thing and so then I
 Probably shouldn't and some of this stuff, but we got excited. I was like well if this worked here
 we should hire more people and
 We started growing this and we went from this little thing with five or six of us to two years later. We had about a hundred people
 Operation where this is the model we were doing CDs calling them on the phone selling coaching having continuity and it grew really really big
 And during that time there were some really positive things that came from it some negative things some ups and downs
 I'll share kind of a lot of those things
 One cool thing is that while this was happening
 And it was going really well my name kind of got out there
 So I got a chance to go speak a lot which was cool and I had seen other people speaking from stage
 And this is where I've told you guys a story who've gone anyone's gone through a perfect webinar like I spent about two and a half
 Three years on the road going to seminars standing for a bunch of people like this talking and trying to sell something and then
 Nothing happening. It's really horrible feeling. Hey, we never done that before
 My first presentation I was on stage. I just probably had 300 people in the room I did a presentation
 I tried to like do what speakers do and I close and then hopefully every runs to the back and like nobody budged and then the guy
 I forgot to turn the music on and it was just like crickets and then I was just like
 awkwardly like walking off the stage
 This is awkward and running you know and then I remember the first I was so embarrassed because usually like we have like those events
 We're all like multi-speaker events and all the speakers are selling everyone's bragging about their numbers
 And like and I knew that I don't want them asking my numbers
 I totally didn't like not one person signed up so I'm hitting my hotel room and I remember ordering coconut shrimp and hog and ice
 I scream for every meal for the next two days while I hit in the room eating it watching movies
 I'm like I'm gonna go back downstairs and I just it was really bad and awesome at the same time coconut shrimp and hog and
 I says awesome
 But I did that and I learned like how not to sell and then I started learning from some amazing
 Speakers and people and I started learning the process how it works and all the stuff we talked about the perfect webinar
 All this stuff we talked about day one about creating belief and breaking belief pattern all those kind of things
 I learned like on the road in front of people on state like it was it was scary
 But it's such a good time for me to learn and understand that part of the process
 And as we started to grow and make sure I cover all the cool things
 We had a bunch of different offers we came out with one of the ones that was more successful for us was
 Was a front-and-off like this called micro continuity. How many guys remember micro continuity?
 Yeah, that is awesome
 So this is one with I was probably I don't know eight years ago now
 We put it on mp3 player from Holland Kong had like six hours of this training and that was a funnel
 We put three and we just kept creating new front-end funnels to get people into this this program and it worked awesome
 And we grew the company from nothing to three or four million dollars a year and is doing awesome and then at a time
 I started looking at other people in my industry
 This is hopefully will helps one of you guys is gonna get a good idea for this one
 But I had this funnel we talked about the value ladder right like I had this really cool value ladder happening here
 and
 And I was I was sending people up and I realized that I was the only person in the market that had a real value
 Outer everyone else was kind of doing stuff down here
 And that was it and I was the only person selling really expensive stuff
 I started calling my friends. I call it like Mike Philsem and Mike hey man like
 So all of our customers recall and we sell like these five thousand dollar things and lots of people buy that like you should do that
 He's like I don't want to call center and let it I'm like well
 Do you want us to call your customers and sell it? He's like yeah
 So we hooked up with Mike and we became Mike's back in I call it Frank Kern same thing
 We came Frank Kern's back in for a little while we started calling up whole bunch of people and then we started becoming the back end
 So all these people now had friend and funnels
 we became the back end for a lot of them and that's how we took coming from three or four million dollars to ten million dollars and
 it became really big and I
 Was gonna say big and fun, but I don't think I would say that at all it became really really big we had a hundred employees and
 We had 60 people on phones and big huge call center
 We had 20 people doing coaching for all the things we're selling and then we had about 20 people who were driving leads and customers
 stuff like that and it got really big and I don't know if you guys noticed this but like I'm really good at like
 Selling and those things really bad like the management of stuff
 And I was not good at managing all these people and it just it kind of started just getting too big and
 This is about the time that I was telling you guys if you've read the dot-com secrets book that I I
 Started waking up and I was just like God. I do not like what I created
 I got so excited that I started building this thing and then one day I woke up and I was like huh I
 Really want to do this? I
 Think half of the conversations have the inner circle members when I first come in is this like you really want to build that business
 I yes that would work, but sometimes it's horrible when you get there like thinking through like what do I actually want to do?
 Who would I really want to become what do who I want to be when I grow up and?
 Luckily during that time
 It was probably one of the most painful times in my life, but looking back now was probably one of the most important times in my life
 We had this huge operation everything was working and then one day was in January
 Literally 11 and 30 in the morning
 One of my sales guys came in said hey, I'm trying to run a credit card, but it's not working. I'm not sure what's wrong
 I'm like, oh, that's weird. Well, you know try one of the other merchant accounts
 Maybe that maybe there's something there and then someone else came in. Hey all the continuity orders are failing
 I'm not sure why and then the three or four people came to me
 I'm like what's happening I logged in the back-end system and like not as like 11 37 or some of that every sales stop just stop
 No sales
 I was like what is happening and some kind of freaking house
 I call our merchant account company is a busy signal and calling in busy calling and busy and like I can't get hold anybody all
 of a sudden I start hearing from friends like dude everything got shut down like you
 you sleep with a process and like
 No, like what what's happening and everyone started? I don't know and
 And soon I found out that it wasn't me. It was like
 And eventually found it was like three or four hundred people at the same time all anybody who was doing any kind of like continuity based stuff
 The merchant accounts base came in and said look
 We think that what you're doing might be illegal and so we're shutting all of you guys down and your basic guilty tale proven innocent
 I was like
 what?
 I've got a hundred people I'm feeding hundred people in their families like it turns into like hundreds of people I
 Was like you can't stop processing finally after like an hour
 I get through somebody and the lady on the phone says yep
 We shut you down
 Good luck ever get into merchant account again. I got to go boom and hung up on me. I was like
 What you know at the time I thought I was I thought I had diversity like I had we had nine merchant accounts all through one company
 And so I thought that meant but they were all through different
 The different merchants accounts, but all through one bank and I found out that the equivalent having one
 Which is why I'm very big believer now having multiple merchant accounts and multiple different banks
 Which is the lesson hopefully for everybody?
 You don't know Alex Roy yet. I don't know Alex is in here, but meet Alex and he's the man who you hooked up with lots of merchant accounts
 He's done that for us. Yes. He's amazing
 But but it was bad and so finally
 Got a hold these guys and I'm trying to figure some things out and
 Basically said okay, we got to prove that you are a good guy. I was okay
 So we went through took us two weeks for them to go through all our stuff look at our documentation look at all our stuff
 These two weeks and they came back. So okay, you're right. You're doing everything clean everything's the above board
 We'll turn your merchant accounts back on
 And you're good to go. I'm like sweet
 So we turn back on and that time like there when there's that kind of instability like sales guys are freaking out
 They can't handle any kind of instability
 They're leaving like crazy people walking out the door and it's like and I was like freaking out and we had we had all this payroll
 But no money coming in and so I'm paying it out of my own pocket
 like everything just like keep things afloat and
 And I'm going through this process like it's gonna scare you're scared and find this like it things
 Yeah, merch accounts are back on your your good guy. I'm like sweet
 So hey guys, we got to do a launch really quick to make a bunch of money
 So we do this put together this huge launch thing
 We push it out to our customer lists and in a weekend. We made two hundred fifty thousand dollars and I was like thank you
 So great. I was like Monday. We should get the money. We can pay payroll. I'm telling everyone like just you know
 Tell your wives and your kids will have money soon like it's coming. I promise like in the bank
 It's just gonna be here any day now and money didn't come money didn't come Monday didn't come Tuesday didn't come Wednesday didn't come by Thursday
 I might call him like where's our money do like we need this money and the least the guy looks the camera
 Oh, it's definitely in there. I'm like, okay, when's it coming to our bank?
 He's like well, it's not gonna come to your bank
 Like why not? He said oh well, you're on a hundred percent reserve. So we keep a hundred percent of your money
 I was like what?
 That's not good for me or for anybody
 How much is being busy? I got people to pay he's like yeah, well, that's just how it works
 He's like but the good news is that looks like you are a legitimate company no one's charging back or refunding this money
 We've collected so far. So what we'll do is we'll drop you down to 10% reserve
 I'm like, oh, thank heavens and they said but the 250,000 are you collected last week?
 We're keeping that for the next six months just as collateral makes you nothing bad happens like are you kidding me?
 like
 So I'm like, okay
 Oh, okay another funnel quick. So we're putting another thing push it out there make some money and we start
 You know paying payroll for whatever we can but it's like everything's collapsing around me and so that's starting January and
 That's start happening at the same time. We're trying to find other merchant accounts other banks and always other banks are like
 Oh, yeah, we're cool come in we'll give you merchant account and they're like, okay
 This how it works like you make a hundred thousand dollars a month. I'm like cool
 Okay, we're gonna do like two days
 So I need like four merchant accounts because this is like we can make money
 We just need you be able to like give it to us after we make it and like oh, yeah, we're cool
 Do we're good at that? Don't worry. It's like, okay cool. So get a merchant account get all set up. Do you have a bunch of traffic?
 And
 Twice we made over the hundred thousand dollars a month
 We were we're allowed within like a day day and a half and then they froze our accounts and they said oh you made too much money too fast
 We're freezing your accounts. We'll get this money back to you in six months. I'm like six months like
 Please stop there. He's to me like ah
 We ended up like four or five hundred thousand dollars lock up the merchant accounts and it's getting worse and worse and worse
 So this whole this whole year was like the hardest year of my life and it just kept going down and like every single day
 I'm like laying off friends and family members and people whose families I like people that I just love and I care about and I'm coming in
 I'm like I don't see you man. I'm so sorry like I got let you go and it's letting and there was just
 like such a dark time in my life and just over a thing after thing after thing and
 And I wish I could say from there got better
 so that was an entire year the next January started and
 One of our friends was doing an event in Vegas and I was like I'm gonna go out there and just see what everybody like
 I gotta re figure out my whole business. Everything's completely collapsed at the time
 we were in this big huge office we had rented and
 Yeah, that we were releasing and I think it was like 20,000 square feet because we had all the call center and stuff and
 I went to the landlord. I'm like, I can't I can't afford to pay you anymore
 He's like, okay
 Well, we've got a three-year contract if you don't pay me
 I'm gonna sue you and you're probably gonna end up in jail
 It's like you kidding me do like I'm trying and like would not work with me at all I had all this fear behind that
 So I'm in Vegas a year later trying to ask friends like what's happening?
 What do you guys doing your business and they're trying to tell me their stories?
 I'm just like this is I don't know what to do and then
 That night I got an email on my phone for my dad and open this email
 It was like a shot in the gut like
 Like probably the worst second of my life as I read that and
 The email said hey Russell. I'm so sorry my dad was helping the books at the time
 But we had a bookkeeper in the office and he said and the bookkeeper. I mean she was she was trying her best
 but she didn't know
 she knew we were struggling and she didn't want to stress me out so she didn't tell me how much we were struggling and
 Turns out what she'd been doing is she had been paying the bills
 she could and the one she couldn't she was trying to like not pay him and you know delay him and
 To hide it from my from my dad and from everybody else she was she was saying in quick books
 They she paid bills, but then like not actually paying them. So look like it was clear
 He'd gone through and actually audit and found out
 That she hadn't paid payroll taxes in almost a year
 and
 Email my dad said hey just you know payroll taxes aren't like something where they find you like if you don't pay payroll taxes
 You're gonna go to jail and it was over a hundred fifty thousand dollars you own payroll taxes and I was like at the end
 It had been entire year every penny I'd ever was gone
 all my people my teams like
 It just hit all fall apart and I'm sitting there like what to do
 And so next morning gonna fly it from Vegas back to Boise or fly back to boys they get to Boise and walk in and
 The call centers empty all the guys are gone and there's two people that are left and they said hey
 Just you know the call center across the road just recruited us and we all just left and we're out. See ya and they walked out
 No
 I have the government a hundred fifty thousand dollars. I have nobody to help me sell like
 I got on to do
 And I want to quit like so bad. I want to quit if I quit I go to jail
 I'd also a lot of coaching to people I cared about if I quit all these people about coaching from me like I can't help them
 That's not right. That's not the right thing to do. I don't do
 So I went to bankruptcy lawyer. I'm like how's this work man like I got to do like I gotta I gotta figure this out
 And he's like well and I explained the whole process and I told about my lease
 I'm like at least the the landlords that are coming after me like the government's gonna come after me like
 I don't know what to do and he's like well
 The best thing to do is I should come with you to your landlord and just explain you're going bank
 Just see maybe they'll be nice to you. So I'm like alright. He's like Jim any money like no
 He's like what do you got in your pocket? I was like I like a hundred bucks
 He's like cool. Give me a hundred bucks. I'll come and I'll tell the landlord you're going bankrupt like alright man. Here you go
 So he comes with me was actually the best hundred bucks I've ever spent so he comes with me to the landlord
 And he's like Russell screwed man. He's going through bankruptcy. He's hired me
 He's like he can't pay you like you come after him
 But he is like and it got it was like this old man. He's just like yeah
 He's done like oh so bad like so much money
 Government's coming after him like oh you're screwed
 Don't even try and and basically convinced our landlord that like it was a useless cause
 So I'm like alright be out by Friday
 And we had a big space with office the cubicles and phones and all sorts of craziness right so am I okay?
 We got by Friday, but 90% my team was gone this point from 100 boys down to about 7 or 8
 The few people that stuck by me people like Brent Cole Peters who?
 Like just love that guy to death
 Brent and John and some of the people back then I mean Brent had taken a pay cut at 50% pay cut and never
 It's amazing people
 So
 So the few of us that were left we went and we packing up stuff we put a glass on Craigslist like we got tons of computers and crap coming by it and
 Things we spent hundreds of thousands of dollars for we were selling for hundreds of dollars and just to get out of it
 We made I don't know maybe five or six grand of all of our crap getting rid of huge dumpsters just throwing away
 Everything we ever created because we had a downsize and trying to figure out
 How do we get into a smaller building and how do we keep the people we have to have to be able to fulfill on coaching?
 But we have to move we have to just cut everything else that we have and so
 We were down sizing everything going out and the night we were moving like that Friday
 Which was about a midnight or whatever you know whatever it was I was sitting in the office and the desks were gone
 Everything was gone all I had left was my laptop and I was sitting there
 I remember I had my socks on I had some Levi's and had no money and I was like I have to make some money or else
 So we can't even like move into it
 I gotta not do anything and so I sent an email to my list I had the time had a bunch of people registered for webinar
 I was sitting there in a chair with my laptop on my on my lap doing a webinar praying that something would happen and
 that webinar
 Saved us like that webinar we did made a hundred fifty thousand dollars in sales over the next three or four days from that webinar
 Which gave me the money I needed to pay everyone to like not leave get in the office move
 Or I guess moved in and get us like just a stability so we could actually breathe for a few minutes and figure out okay
 What's the next step like what do you want to be when it grow up?
 and so we downsized from 20,000 square feet to like 2,000 square feet and
 And we had this really cool moment where it's like what do we what do we want to do when we grow up?
 Like what do we want to be?
 and
 as painful as that process was like it was one of the coolest things ever because
 We didn't have to keep going on this path. We could we could pick anything
 This is the first thing like who's our dream customer?
 I could we really want to serve like what fires us up? What gets us excited and we started thinking through that and
 During this process like we started
 Just creating again and start having some fun. We're like what should we do?
 I had a friend at the time who he had this little website
 I was making him like two or three thousand dollars a month and he got some trouble and
 And I had a couple things making a little bit of money to time and and he's like I need to get rid of the site
 Can you can you pay me some money? So I came twenty thousand dollars a game this little website
 It's a little machine that use app
 I get sort of cold source and our autopilot was making two or three thousand dollars a month
 I was like oh this is so cool. So we have this little thing. I'm like that little business kind of runs like what if we had another one?
 So we started creating other ones we did one in the coupon market. We set it up
 We got a guru in there and start running and that started making money
 Right, okay, what's known? We didn't want the weight loss and another and in any year period time
 We launched 12 different companies. These were making different amounts of money
 And during that time we launched Neuricell our supplement companies all these things were happening and it was starting to get exciting and like
 We were creating we were doing we were like doing the business instead of teaching the business again
 Which was like so much fun for us to do and to learn and see like why does this stuff work in this market?
 But not this market one of the things that drive me crazy about teachers in my industry is that they come in and act like
 The the marketing techniques that work in one space work everywhere and I learned during that two or three year period time
 That's not true like everything's different there's intricacies that are different in couponing versus business versus weight loss versus diet versus supplements
 Like there's differences and and I came to respect that because we had a chance to do it in so many different businesses and so many different
 different things and
 We spent the next two or three years creating stuff and during that process
 One of the really cool things is I used to go to flip a dot-com all the time and try to find like cool websites
 We could buy and like turn to businesses and there's a website called champion sound dot-com that was for sale
 And it was this little like email text message autoresponder for
 for
 For bands I was like I'm gonna buy that and then we're gonna take it and like niche it for every market
 We'll make email autoresponders and text message autoresponders for word dentists if for Cairo
 I was so excited it was 20 grand. We didn't have that much money
 But I was like this is the future of our company we have to do it
 So we ended buying this this website from these guys
 Off flip but we get the website and then try to transfer it over to our servers after we paid in the $20,000 and
 As they're trying to transfer to like well, you can't have this is the nerd talk
 You can't have a Linux server. You need a Ruby server
 I'm like what does that mean? They're like it means that this is not coded in PHP is coded in Ruby on rails
 You have to have a different kind of server. I'm like what does that mean means you have to go over here and pay like
 $800 a month for a new server. I'm like you're kidding me like
 $800 a month per server, but we just bought the thing so we did and they installed it and they didn't really work
 I don't know what to do none of my tech guys that ever use Ruby on rails
 And so like I went to Odessa hire some guys and they couldn't fix it and I tried like five or six guys and finally I was like
 We said 20 grand. I was like so upset and so frustrated because like I didn't have that money and
 And on the way out of the office one day. I was like I wonder
 What if anybody on my list knows Ruby on rails?
 Like shot in the dark. I have no idea. So I sent email out to my little list at the time
 I was like subject. I was like Ruby on rails
 Looking for a partner if you know Ruby on rails, I'm looking for a partner
 I said basically the story is told you guys bought the same can't make it work if you know Ruby on rails become my partner
 We'll make much money this thing together sent the email out
 I've been hour later. I get an email from this guy in
 Georgia named Todd Dickerson
 And Todd's like hey, man, I know Ruby I'm like you do and then I look at this picture. I was like
 You don't look like a nerd. I don't think you do
 And then I went to like Facebook and I Facebook friends was actually six years ago last week or something
 I faced with a friend like he's got a beautiful wife. He's got a daughter
 I'm like, I don't think he's a coder like I don't know if I believe that
 He's like, yeah, man. Shoot me the log and I'll fix it
 I was like whatever I had like eight guys try to fix it for the last like four or five months
 Nobody can do it. I'm like whatever. Here's the login
 So he logs it in and then like an hour later. He's like, okay done. It's fixed
 I was like what you think I got a fix. I just did blah blah blah to work to make
 How did you do that? I was like, I just love Ruby on rails. I'm amazing. He didn't say that but he's super humble, but
 I was like dude this guy's amazing and I was like, okay
 Well, I think he's other than me his other things and so Todd came and we started working his other problems
 Project we ended up we had a different auto webinar Todd built out this beat the software behind the scenes
 Which is like click funnels version 00 like pre everything and he built this this webinar auto webinar software because
 Mike Philstam had been talking about auto webinars rich chef and I put a webinar report a couple guys who tried talking about
 Auto webinars nobody had done one like normally was really doing them
 So Todd custom built this whole platform so we could do them launched an auto webinar through that and in that in that
 Auto webinar we made a million dollars and 90 days and the first thing I did not I need
 First and if not million dollars I took the money and we paid off the IRS and I was like I'm free. Oh
 I'm free
 I'm not going to jail IRS is paid off all the fines are paid off and that auto webinar funnel literally saved me
 Literally gave me freedom like up to that point every night when I went to bed at night
 I was just like they could come knock on my door like I've not paid payroll taxes in that long
 and
 in that webinar freed us and
 And we kept doing thing after thing and what was fun is with with Todd and Dylan you should design half these things
 Just says that contract you design these pages then dot Todd would take him and code him up make these funnels
 He did funnel after fun after fun. We probably had we had 15 different companies within those companies two or three funnels
 But I think 40 funnels we built over after thing everything after thing after thing after thing in the last funnel
 We actually built the old school way was the the nurse self funnel and that's one of the ones that blew up really really big
 It's our main tons of sales. We have a bunch of fun with it and about that time is when
 Todd was like hey, we should really create something so I don't keep making websites for you every single day and
 And that was where the idea came for click funnels
 And so we started that project in front of whiteboard like we talked about yesterday
 we mapped out this whole thing and
 Todd went to work to build click funnels then we partnered with Dylan to build the editor and the UI and
 and then fast forward seven eight months later we came and we were like this thing is gonna change the world and
 I was so excited. I was like we're gonna do a free trial and I think the very first month our goal was to get
 10,000 members the first month my colleague. This is gonna be the greatest thing in the world
 So put out there create the first funnel and had all this stuff in there was a free trial
 We had a bunch of people all long lined up to promote it. We launched it
 It was like crickets
 People came and they left I
 Was like dude, just not understand what I'm giving you like like I made that page you're looking at like it's really good
 Right like and like they nobody got it. I was like why didn't they get it?
 I'm like there's something wrong my messaging so we changed the funnel again and I launched it again
 Like like few of you guys signed up, but that was it like most like hit it and they laughed like oh I tried again
 We tried again. We reable that funnel not once or twice or three times or four times or five times
 The six times it took us before the click funnels funnel worked
 And the sixth time was because one of my friends Mike Phil some invited me out to his event
 And he's like hey Russell why you come and sell click funnels?
 I think it's awesome so I do Mike nobody's buying click funnels like we got to figure out an exit deal
 Or figure out something because it's not working. It's like no dude my people need it
 You come speak on it, but you got sell for a thousand dollars
 Now it's the free trial and nobody even wants it
 Alright, and so Mike's event was happening that weekend and I was literally sitting in my office watching a streaming
 the event streaming as I seen it on my start writing my webinar and
 And I had my slides open
 I was following the perfect webinar script that I had been working on for like 10 years
 I started filling in the blanks started making this webinar like like true to the perfect webinar script
 I literally was like watching it adding the things in while I'm watching mics event happen that day
 I finished the slides next morning. I jumped in a plane. I flew there. We got to California
 I think it's California with the event was that I got there put the slides up on the thing on my okay
 So here we go I started it and the title slide was my weirdness funnel
 It's currently making seventeen thousand nine hundred forty seven dollars per day talking about a nurse
 So funnel and how you can actually knock it off in less than ten minutes show the first slide started going through and
 When we got to the end we got to the stack in the close we did it and
 Thirty percent of the room jumped up and ran to the back jumping over the tables fighting to get back there
 I was like we did it. That was the message. That was the key now. I know how to sell click funnels
 We took that message went back and as a lot of you guys know especially in a circle members certain webinars every single day
 Sometimes two day one time. I did three in a day
 Which was really hard over and over and over again?
 I did that webinar live over 70 times over the next year and a half and went from being a startup with no members to
 Year after the end of last year over ten thousand members after this year
 We have over thirty thousand members and skated grow and grow and grow and it was that one funnel that changed everything for me
 So this process for all of us you guys is is an up and a down like it's it's always happening and all of you guys
 Are somewhere in this wave right now, right?
 Some of you guys are at the top writing it
 Some of you guys are at the bottom in a crash and these are somewhere in between and always going up and down
 But if nothing else of this event like I wanted you guys to all understand that like no matter where you are
 There's hope
 Okay, it might not be this fun. I mean I can't tell you how many funnels flopped
 I guarantee I have failed at more funnels than anybody else in this room because we tried over and over and over and over again
 Because of that we found out what worked and the only way to do that is to do it over and over and over again
 And it's a lot easier now
 I promise you so much easier than what we used to do when poor Todd and Dylan had a custom code every single thing every single time
 I guess and testing is really really fast first time I met Trey first call I said Russell
 I'm gonna launch a funnel a week every single week and I watched the CD launch a funnel and another funnel another funnel another funnel and he had
 Some marginal success little success more success more success more success. I saw him launch a funnel last year one funnel boom
 And within 90 days
 Became the biggest selling funnel in the history of the world of talking to the guys an affiliate some
 They said there's never been a funnel that's made more money in a shorter period time than one of Trey's funnels
 I'm not privy to share all his numbers and the stats
 But it was insane and it came from him doing a funnel a day or funnel week funnel week till he hits the one that just explodes
 You know what that's gonna be it's important
 That's why this tool is so important because you can do that you can test you can try over and over and over again
 Want more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
