 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast this episode
 I am streaming to you from my family vacation as I am walking around the beach here at Lake Powell
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everybody welcome back
 All right, hope you guys are having a great
 summertime right now
 I'm sure that summer if you're listening live and if you're listening at replay could be the middle winner for you right now
 But just imagine being on a beach like hundreds of your weather boating jet skiing
 You know tubing
 Water skiing kneeboarding just all the stuff that's what's happening here and having a good time with the family
 But for the end you guys you know me you also know that I struggle at vacations
 Because my mind is like going crazy wanting to move forward and have momentum and the vacation is literally the opposite momentum
 It's like let's stop everything and just sit and be and
 It's good for me. It's good for everybody
 But it is definitely hard for most entrepreneurial minds and so if you are struggling on vacation, maybe you're listening this during your vacation
 I see you. I understand you I get it
 But anyway, I'm enjoying my family. They're the coolest
 Anyway, my kids are fun ages. We got to the teenagers who I want to
 Beat up some days. They've got little kids who I love and they got little little kids who just won't sleep
 And so you know you get a little bit all those things, but they're they're so cool and it's just fun to be able to have
 Summer with them, you know, I don't think I have too many more before my twin boys are gone
 And then then it starts they all start leaving you again. So oh crazy to think about so you know that I'm here and
 And I'm trying to focus on on the family between the breaks
 I'm you know reading books and reading Dave Goggins book right now, which is so good if you want a book to
 Pump you up about life and about everything. I'm also writing the traffic seekers book right now
 Which is fun as well and as I'm writing the traffic seekers book
 I'm kind of noticing something cool, and I wanted that's what I want to jump on to share with you right now
 and
 It's something that I don't know if I
 Like I don't know
 I don't know whenever said on taught me this but I kind of picked up along the way and started doing it people appointed out to me
 I was like oh that's fascinating
 So let's say if you had to try to figure it out
 I'm just gonna give you a shortcut and tell you what I've what people point out to me
 That's really cool. So as I'm writing the traffic seekers book
 You look at how I do it like each chapter I sit down and I'm like I don't like I don't call this but in my head
 I'm thinking like what's the framework for this chapter for me?
 It's a doodle like what's the doodle that explains this whole chapter right?
 Let's sit down and I look at this paper and I keep thinking and I sit there trying to do well out an image
 It's like okay. This is the concept and want to illustrate during this chapter
 So do love this image and then I sit down and write the chapter and what I'm doing is I'm creating the framework for that chapter right?
 and then
 saving sure the dot-com seekers book right like people love that book and I think it wasn't conscious thought at the time
 But I was doing like images and explaining the doodles and that's kind of what the whole dot-com seekers book was
 Expert secrets was I was taking this framework, which is my perfect webinar and and you know
 I've said did a lot more than that
 I talked about a lot of other things in the book
 But you have the book is basically the perfect webinar framework and me going through it
 I'm going through it slide by slide by slide and explaining the whole whole concept
 It's funny like probably
 Two years ago. I was at a little small mastermind group with Brendan Bouchard and he was teaching this concept
 He called the seven-day launch which he actually taught a fun like you live this year
 So for those of you guys who were there you had a chance to see this but he showed up and he drew this this diagram
 They started teaching from it and I remember as he was teaching
 he talked about something for a while and come back to the diagram talking the next step of it and you know
 he can't go back and forth back and forth and
 And people have asked him questions. I think somebody apologize like oh, I'm sorry
 I mean to throw you off and he said no no no no he's like he's like you all know this
 He's like as a teacher. He's like your framework is your savior
 He's like your framework you always come back to the framework. He's like I take this framework
 I can teach you in five minutes. I take this framework and teach you three hours
 I just happen I have a framework that is the whole thing and remember we said that I was like
 Oh my gosh
 How cool is that because I could do the same thing in my perfect webinar framework
 I sit down and I can explain it in five minutes to somebody or I can do a three-day event teaching it because you know
 How deep in detail your stories you want to go to reinforce parts of the framework with frameworks the same doesn't deviate doesn't change right?
 more I'm working right now also on this event. I'm doing for the families inside to comic club X coaching program and
 It's called the unlock the secrets event
 That's right now is I'm building up framework for each session like this session
 This is the framework I'm going to teach I'm going to explain it's a build up framework and then I come back and I'm going to teach those
 those pieces of it and so
 Anyways, it's just it's it's fun and it makes it easier to teach now framework for me usually are my doodles
 You guys have all seen those before if you fall in need hall, but other people it's different things
 But there's some kind of framework that guides your teaching and so
 It's interesting for somebody asking hey, do you want to speak a surveyor?
 I'm like when you're talking like this topic and I think okay
 I'll sit down and on the flight overall doodle out the framework of how I would explain that topic and then I come and like
 Here's a framework I stand in front and I can teach it for an hour and teach it for three hours
 I give the whole event for three days if I need to do because you know the framework is your savior
 You keep coming back to that thing and like you get stuck or whatever you just plugging stories and and examples and case days in that framework and so
 Anyway, that's kind of the concept the reason I want to share with you guys today is because I know a lot of you guys
 especially those who are in info business you're trying to figure out how to teach your stuff and
 You think a lot of times we we learn we say a bunch things and we're trying to teach it back
 And right it's hard trying to create a course or write a book or whatever is difficult
 And so for what I would recommend doing is you got to create a framework right like sit down
 So okay module one or chapter one or day one or events, you know session one whatever it is
 like what's the concept I want to teach and and trying to like again doesn't have to be do like mine
 But some sketch or some kind of mind map or something that's here's the framework of this of this session
 And that becomes the framework and then all you do is you go back and you teach that and then you're looking at your
 I can't have a story for this session of the framework
 I have a story for this so I have an example for this and you start plugging in those details
 And that's he builds this full beautiful amazing amazing tapestry that becomes your you know whatever is your teaching and
 And so that's the first and second thing I'd say is after you create this framework and typically my frameworks aren't like
 Here's Russell off top of the head off top of his head, right?
 It's like me I've studied you know thousand people and from there like you know when I talk about perfect webinar
 I try to give credit for everything I learned like I learned this piece of this so-and-so and this piece and this piece and this piece and this
 Like but from that I created this framework this my framework I use I'm gonna give you the framework and I'm gonna call it something
 I call this framework the perfect webinar, right?
 And now I give it a name now. It's mine
 Kevin so few same things like as you're becoming a creator
 Again, you I never steal something for anybody else like that's bad, right?
 especially if you're if you're when they say if you're
 If you're quoting one source you're stealing if you quote a bunch of sources called research
 It's like that's like like take all your life experience
 All people you learn from and like combine that into your own framework your own system
 You don't think you can teach people give it a name
 This is my perfect webinar. This is my whatever right you give it the name and now it becomes your own and then like I always say
 Always give credit where credit is to do like I try to always give credit from everybody I learned each of the pieces from
 And that will go a lot longer than you will ever ever imagine
 So make sure you do that as well. So anyway
 That's what I want to share with you guys is is that concept because it's making it makes
 All the content creation I do easy and simple and possible makes it easier people to remember and recall
 Oh, yeah
 Here's the framework and they can like recall the stories and imagery in the concepts you talk very very fast and very rapidly
 Whereas if you step and start teaching from an outline
 It gets really hard for people to recall to remember to retain to use because there's no framework and so
 All of you're teaching all of your coaching all of your
 Stuff to be built off of that exact framework and you maybe think we'll rustle on some physical products
 I don't have a framework and I would say that you should make one right people buying a physical product because they want to result, right?
 So I would come back. Okay. What's the result?
 They're looking for and what's the framework my product is a piece of that framework, right?
 Clickfunnels is the piece of the framework for the result you guys are trying to get right?
 You guys are trying to make more money have more impact and so the actual product I sell which is clickfunnels is the piece of that framework
 There's all these ancillary things around it to make the experience more full
 And it gives me something to teach and to talk and to train and to coach on which now makes our company flourish, right?
 Always makes me laugh and people like well, this won't work for my type of business rustle kind of blah
 always always smile because like literally
 You know five years ago everyone told me I'd listen work for software business and then we proved it and they're like well work for software
 But no other business and like he kidding me probably wants to create an e-commerce company or a food company or a
 You know become a chiropractor or something just like and like prove like this literally works every model every everything you just have to like think outside the box
 so
 Anyway, whatever it is you are doing look at it plug it in create your framework
 Remember what you do is probably a piece of that framework
 All the stuff around it is what makes you special
 So it'll make people drive past 30 other chiropractors to get to you or you know fly past
 14 other financial planners to fly to your city to work with you because you have the full framework not just the
 One thing right it's the reason people use click funnels versus any air competitors
 Because we have a piece but we have the whole frame work around it that gives you education the training the systems and everything makes everything else possible
 So anyway, that's all I got for today. I hope you guys are having great vacation great summer
 I'm gonna head back. We'll have lunch with my kids and then try to focus on being present as a father and
 I appreciate as let me have this little reliefs because I need that I need to think and create and produce and put publish and put out
 So I can get back to um to being a normal human once again. So my entrepreneurial mind has been stimulated
 Thank you for the conversation. I appreciate you all have an amazing day. I'll talk to you as long as you're safe. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
