 What's up everybody this is Russell welcome back the marketing secrets podcast today
 We are jumping to day number four of the five-day lead challenge
 And this is one we're gonna start getting into the actual emails like what do you send these people when they come through?
 And I'm excited because on this episode
 I actually had yada golden who was in the house when we recorded this live event who came out and she
 Walked us through her framework and how she
 Structured her email sequences to get people to open emails build a relationship and to buy over and over and over again
 Something that's so powerful. I don't think we talk enough about in our communities
 How do you actually structure and craft those emails?
 And so that is what is happening on today's episode
 A couple funny things if you do go online and go to five day lead challenge calm
 You can opt in there and see the videos of this live event for free and also download the one-pagers and homework assignments and things like that
 But you'll notice one thing is that on the video for day number four
 You ought to know you're sitting on opposite sides of the stage and the reason why is because it was filmed in the middle of COVID
 And people were freaking out like yelling like you can't be that close to each other
 Which is completely ridiculous now that we're looking back in time
 But so we had a film like six and a half or seven feet apart just to make sure that the the audience at home
 Wasn't angry at us, which is so funny to me now, but anyway that it is what it is
 So if you're watching the video like why are they sitting so far apart that is why?
 But anyway, like I said today we're talking about your follow up funnels
 What are the email sequences yada golden is my special guest on this one?
 She's an amazing job. I hope you guys enjoy it and with that said we'll queue up day number four
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sickness
 We've got people from all around the world. We're super excited to see you guys today and congratulations
 You made it today number four
 You'd be blown away by how many people will go and they'll be excited to change their life
 And they will buy a book and they will get it and they'll be so excited to read in the re chapter one
 And then they're about to start chapter two
 And then they don't and they never get to chapter two or three or four or five and they go back to life
 They had before right you know it how many will go and they buy a brand new course
 They're so excited to learn this topic this thing and they go through they watch module number one their side
 And they just kind of end okay and the same thing's true here right day number one
 We had 11,000 people alive day number two is a little bit less than your three little less
 And so he stay kind of strengths and the people who make it this far are proving to the world
 Proving the universe proving to God whatever is your worthy you're looking you're trying to figure this things out
 Okay, and those who push through those type of things the ones who have success
 So if you're here today, you made day number four you've been doing your homework assignments
 You've been state keeping up you can do all the pieces
 You're the people who will be rewarded because of it guys true in all aspects of life
 Okay, I am coaching my kids wrestling team
 I see right now the ones who are having success the ones who show up the ones that put in the time that put in the effort
 The ones who don't are the ones who are struggling
 Okay, so if you're here today despite all the craziness is happening around the world
 You're showing up you try to make your life better your business better. I want to congratulate you for doing that
 Okay, so that's number one
 We've been covering a lot of things so far the last three days
 You've had a chance to hear me talk a lot
 I'm excited because today and tomorrow the last two days of the five-day lead challenge
 I've guest speakers are gonna be here with with me today helping
 Which I'm really excited for and so the first guest speaker I'm gonna introduce here here in a little bit
 And she's gonna be going deep into the email side of it, right?
 Okay, we talked we've been talking all these things all the things we need to start generating leads and get leads and the question is now that I have them
 What do I do with them right? I've got these leads like I don't want to mess them up
 I don't want to I want to make sure they like me like ah
 And remember I first got started in this business, you know, and I learned about lead yet
 I was excited I started generating leads I remember the leads were coming in and I was like now what do I do with it?
 Do I
 I don't know like do I send an email do I not I don't want to offend people
 I don't want to send emails too often like I was so scared of all the different things
 I remember in my head I was like okay
 I'm missing out one email month so I don't want to offend him or no
 I'm or you know so I was like very very careful and and I built a list up to a couple thousand people
 I remember sending email being so stressed out and so much stress and so much anxiety
 I sent the email out and just waiting for people to like yell at me and of course
 I got some unsubscribes and I was all like depressed like oh some people don't like me now or I could be a little angry
 I'd why you sending emails like because you asked me to send you emails and I remember being like
 I had so much anxiety behind it again
 I'm like go on my goals for days. Hope you guys get rid of that anxiety because the first is gonna be kind of weird
 Okay, but people came to you right?
 You didn't go and fall with them you didn't chase them. They saw an ad they saw you drive traffic
 I came to your thing they saw this league magnet
 They're so excited for it
 They gave you their email just because they wanted that thing you then gave them this thing this framework you created
 They're going through it. They're getting value. Okay. You have to share and this is the the spot in someone's life that they're getting
 They're interacting with you, right?
 They just got this lead magnet. They got this value
 Like this is amazing and all I see is in the email now. They know who you are now
 They're excited to get to know you to build the relationship with you
 Okay, if it goes back to we talked about the value ladder yesterday if we go back to that analogy of dating right
 If you want to date with someone I have an amazing experience
 Guess what you don't want to do just ghost him for the next six months because I don't want to fender
 You know be annoying whatever right if you do that the ratio very quickly disappears and dissolves
 I remember because I was sending me out once a month and and every time I send the email once a month
 I get tons of people who like who are you they couldn't remember who I was because there was so much distance between when I got
 The lead magnet and when they actually had a chance to hear from him
 Okay, I remember I had this friend I met and he's he told me and I don't know if I recommend this
 He was emailing his list twice and twice a day and I was like what twice a day
 He's like yeah, he's like I want to make sure people remember who I am right and I was like, okay
 I'm not gonna do twice a day
 But maybe I'll do twice a month and so I started sending out two emails a month
 What was crazy is my income more than doubled right people remember who I was because I was
 Communicating more often I was like, okay twice a month. What if I did it?
 What if I did it once a week so I said I'm gonna email my list once a week
 I shifted once a week and guess what my income more than doubled I was like huh people aren't in a way to hear from me
 What if I send out emails a couple times a week, okay?
 And so you'll find this thing is kind of at coward counterintuitive since we're nervous with these leads
 I don't want to mess up the relationship with them
 So I'm not gonna send anything it's not the case you want to be building relationships sending out emails do you need to know them?
 Okay, you guys been giving emails to me every single day in the morning and the night about this right like hey
 They're about to start jump on and afterwards. Okay, here's the replay if you missed it, right?
 I'm building a relationship
 I'm keeping the doors open and yes some people better know it some people have unsubscribed some people left my world that I'm happy
 They're gone
 Okay, because you guys are the ones who are worthy enough to get this information actually do something with it
 Okay, and so your people will follow you they will listen to you
 They'll be excited to hear from you and so don't be scared of email and this a big very very important part
 Okay, but of all the email parts the things that's the most important is when the lead first comes in
 What are the emails you say?
 Okay, if you're not careful, you can do it wrong and you can distance them
 You can you know all sorts of things can happen
 But if you do it correctly you can build a relationship with them that relationship will stick and they'll be more likely to buy from you
 Moving forward in the future. Okay, and so that's what we're gonna be talking about today
 I'm excited for it because it's much fun is generate leads are you don't make money from generation of the lead
 You actually make money from emailing the leads and selling them different products and services and the things that you have to offer
 And so this is where we start transitioning from the lead generation to actually monetizing and making some money
 So that's kind of what's happening. So that's what's happening today, and then tomorrow
 We've got another special guest coming and her name is Rachel Miller
 She actually just got here last night, which is exciting. She flew in and she's gonna be talking as about how to actually generate the traffic
 Okay, because now we've got the system in place you have the lead back you have the funnel now
 We're gonna have the email so everything all the structure will be in place
 And now we've got to go and take traffic and dump it into the top of this funnel and people start coming through
 They start getting lead magnet start getting the email sequences and everything else to start taking care of itself
 So that's happening tomorrow
 She's gonna be talking about ways to get traffic that are free which is exciting
 So you guys don't have big budget yet, and so we're gonna be going into that
 And so that's kind of the game plan you guys excited for today tomorrow
 Awesome, I hope you guys have been enjoying this process. I've been enjoying it so far
 It's been so much fun coming in and speaking and serving you guys every single day
 You know it's been with all the craziness happening around that
 I haven't had a chance to do this kind of thing that often recently and it's just been a lot of fun to come back and kind of reconnect everybody
 So with that said I'm gonna bring out our special guest
 She's someone who I had a chance to meet
 Back about the time that we started click funnels
 she kind of came in our community and got to know her and it's been so much fun watching her blossom and grow over the years and
 She'll kind of tell her story a little bit here
 But she never thought she was gonna become a copywriter writing emails or any of those kind of things and now four or five years later
 Here she is
 She's had a chance to speak a funnel hiking live
 She's a chance to do a lot of trainings inside of our community and she's here to train you guys
 So with that said let's put our hands together for yada golden
 Yeah, so we are so excited to have her here so
 First off for those who don't know you want to introduce yourself and kind of tell some of your your story about how you how you got here
 Yeah, absolutely
 So I mean I met you what like four or five maybe six years ago at this point and I
 was
 In such an interesting part in my life
 Like I had just come out of a divorce
 I had two kids that I was now solely responsible for and I say to people all the time
 I'm like I had to adult for the first time in my life
 Like I had to pay insurance
 I had you know rent to pay all of these things
 And I was really looking for a way that I would be able to do that without
 Giving my time to a job like I was like I don't want to have a job
 And that was a realization that I really came to when a girlfriend of mine
 I don't know if I've told you this story
 She looks at me and she says well yada
 You can always get a job at Nordstrom and this fire like ignited inside of me
 And I was like I don't work at Nordstrom's I shop there
 You know and it was this like moment of indignation and it's nothing against people who work in retail or Nordstrom's or anything like that
 But something inside of me came alive and was like you're you're meant for more than that
 Like you're capable of more than that
 And so that's really how I kind of like stumbled into your world into entrepreneurship and online business and all of those things
 And the only thing that I knew that I was good at at that point was relationship, right?
 I was like I know what went wrong in my marriage and I know why it ended
 And I was able to create a really good co-parenting relationship on the back end of it
 And so what I did really was going on Facebook and I started sharing the story of what happened
 And why the release should fall apart and what I had learned and what I was doing to move forward from that
 And the most interesting thing started happening was that people started reaching out to me and saying oh my gosh
 You're navigating this so gracefully like how would you handle this?
 I have this going on in my life
 Can you help me and that was this real aha moment for me where I was like wow people are actually looking for help in this thing
 That I have experience and expertise in and now I didn't think at that point that I was an expert
 I was like these people are crazy. Don't they see the disaster that I just created?
 But luckily for me that my new partner James at that point had been in business for a while and he says well
 Why don't you become a relationship coach and that was really the first?
 Inkling of like hey you could actually start a business and I'm curious because I know a lot of people if you don't have a business
 You're not phased or trying to figure out your business. I think a lot of times we look at some of that and like the first the first question
 Like I'm not worthy. I don't like what makes I've just went through a divorce
 Like I don't feel worthy what what was it or why was the reason you were able to say like okay?
 I'm gonna try this. I'm gonna I'm gonna take that leap of faith even though
 I don't feel worthy at this point or I don't feel ready yet. Oh, yeah, no
 I thought they were crazy like I was like you guys are asking me for help. This is nuts. I think it was really
 that desire to
 Build something for myself without giving away my time
 I was like I don't want to go get a job and pay somebody to watch my kids while I'm there
 You know, I want to be able to be with them
 And so it was really it was really a leap of faith
 It was just like can I do this and can I do I believe that I can help somebody be better off
 Than they are right now and the answer to that question was yes
 I was like I've read books like I've done this for myself
 I know that I can figure out how to help somebody else get this result for themselves
 And that that was kind of it. I think the hardest part honestly was making that first offer was when I was like, okay
 Well, I've been talking to you on messenger for a while
 And I know you have the issue that I have and I can help you solve it
 But like are you gonna pay me money?
 You know then even today people are like, but how do I do a CTA and I'm like, it's okay
 Just take a deep breath and like believe that you have something that can help somebody else
 Yeah, so yeah, so I mean and then we can fast forward like a ton of time right?
 I was in inner circle
 I started learning about internet marketing started learning about facebook ad started learning about
 click funnels and just all of these things and I was hitting my head against a wall because
 The messaging that I had was really, you know, how to uh
 How to divorce gracefully like at the end of the day and nobody wanted to raise their hand for that
 You know, nobody wanted to let people know that they were having problems in their relationship
 But I would look around the rooms that I was in and I was like I could help all of these people because it's interpersonal relationships that they're having
 And this this moment of like aha happened where I was like, oh my gosh
 The same problem people are having in relationship one-on-one
 Is the same problem that entrepreneurs are having in relationship one to many
 And I thought, you know, if I can help entrepreneurs rewrite their story so that they can share that with people from a place of authenticity
 But also confidence in themselves and their abilities
 What a difference that might make in their businesses and I mean within 30 days like my entire business had changed
 I shut down my coaching. I was like, I'm a copywriter now. This is amazing
 And uh, and now I'm here with you and it's it's just been such a crazy ride
 But I tell everybody like Russell always says once you find
 That thing that's actually your thing
 Everything changes and it happens like in an instant and that's that was my experience. So thank you
 All right, so we're talking about email today and I know um, I think this is kind of fascinating we talked behind
 Offstage about this a little bit, but you know, you're stuff you talk about in relationships
 Right like building a relationship and things like that and and p and entrepreneurs relationship with their list
 Like the principles are the same and one day you said something like
 A lot of the way that most entrepreneurs teach their list or treat their list you want to talk about that so they just kind of funny
 But also it makes it very like oh, yeah, I see that you can probably people's email list
 You're on you'll notice that this is what they use their list for we don't want to be using it this way
 So let me talk about that. Absolutely
 So I think that there's three different ways that entrepreneurs typically show up for their email audiences
 The first one is like a pickup artist, you know, they're just like hey
 It's like a booty call right? They're just like hey you want to buy my thing and it's like oh man
 Like you gotta you got to give a little bit more than being like that booty call, you know
 Um, I think this second way is really like a player which they put in a little bit more effort on the front end
 They really do kind of care and they do their automations and they set up their sequences and stuff
 But the problem is that when they don't make that sale or get what they want in their own time frame
 They move on and then they completely ghost you and you never hear from them again, right?
 And then you've got uh who I've been guilty of being a lot is mr
 Nice guy
 Right the person who gives and gives and shows up every day and is like oh, I'm here for you
 Like I want to support you. I want to serve you in every way possible
 But you never make an offer right because you're just like if I serve enough
 They're just gonna call me and tell me that they want to give me their money
 And that's not how it works right? They never do you always have to do it
 They really don't and so what what I really
 Do my best to teach people how to do is to show up as relationship material where you're you're showing up for them
 You're serving them you're um, you know, you're adding value
 But you're also challenging them and you're making them think a little bit about themselves and about their situation
 While giving them opportunities to actually step into working with you and
 Like making a change for the better. So it's it's a it's a it's kind of a combination of all three of those personalities
 Right like you want to have automations and sequences and put the work in on the front end
 You also want to be making offers when the time is right
 And you want to add value and show up consistently. Yeah. Yeah becoming a more well-rounded human. Yeah, exactly
 I love it. So what we're gonna talk about today and then with yada is um
 When a lead first comes in and there's a lot of different email sequences you over time when you go to one funnel way challenge other things
 You'll hear me talk about like lots of different types of sequences
 Um, but the first one is like when someone first comes into your world like it's that first like the first time they met you
 You're introducing your shaking hands. You're getting to know them and there's a sequence and uh, there's a
 Um, I'm not sure if you have an official name for it or not
 But there's six emails
 Um that you do when someone first comes into your world and uh, I don't want to briefly talk about I kind of what all six are really quick
 And then we'll go down and kind of break day by day and kind of go through each of them
 Oh, yeah, but these are the first six emails. They're gonna do exactly what she's talking about like build that relationship
 Provide value and also ask the call to action to to really ultimately get the thing that you're you're trying to get towards the end
 Yeah for sure. And so for me, I call it the warm-up sequence
 I believe in your world that's the indoctrination sequence everybody a lot of people call it a lot of different things
 Um, the way that I actually came up with this sequence was uh, thinking back to when I lived in San Diego and my mom was teaching me how to drive
 There was this huge on ramp to the freeway and of course the freeway is going at like 65 70 miles per hour
 And I'm at a dead stop up here, right?
 So I had this big hill to uh, gain the speed so that I could properly merge with traffic
 And I started thinking one day. I was like, you know
 When a prospect comes into our world, they're at a dead stop and our business is moving like we're having a certain conversation with our people with our students
 Um, with our audiences and they don't know anything about that
 So I was like, how do we help them merge into our business without
 Crashing, right?
 And so my thought was when I meet someone at a conference or at an event or anywhere really in person
 What are the six questions that I ask them or that they ask me and that help us get to know each other?
 And and I turn those into emails and so the first one is who are you?
 Right?
 This is the first question that every single person that meets you has on their mind. Who are you?
 Second is where did you come from? Right? Third, uh, what do you do?
 Fourth, how do you do it?
 Fifth, well, who do you do it for?
 And sixth, how can you do it for me?
 Right?
 And so I took that framework of how you meet someone in person one on one and said, well
 Let's do the same thing when we're behind our computers because something weird happens to people when they get behind the screen of a computer
 And they're just like, hi, I'm yada by my thing and it's like, that's not what we do
 That's not how we interact. No, you totally wouldn't do it. You'd be like, oh my gosh that person so weird get me away from them
 and so I just took a little bit more time to
 Get to know people to really on board them into my world to let them know a little bit about my backstory
 And I found that doing that actually invites conversation
 Right? It engages them in a way that does help them feel like they know who you are
 And I think more importantly it connects the dots for them as to why it is that you do what you do
 Because it's it's a logical progression in your story
 Right?
 If you were to tell somebody, you know, I built a potato gun all these years ago and now I run a software company
 They're like, well, that's how
 We're missing something in between exactly like it's a big gap for them to bridge
 But if you're like, well, I did the potato gun and then I started doing the CDs
 And I figured out that I could do it online
 And then I was like, you know hitting my head against the wall because I had hired all these people
 And I thought there had to be an easier way
 And so I pulled this team together and we created click-click funnels and now I have a software
 You're like, yeah, that totally makes sense. I want to do what he did
 It was the onboarding raft into this exactly as now we're gonna talk about funnels. So that's why yeah, right?
 Exactly like they're not crashing. They're just like, okay
 I'm here for the ride and the coolest thing is, you know, I heard you in your opening you were talking about how
 You know, you would watch when you would email people and there was like unsubscribes
 And you do want people to unsubscribe like a lot of people have so much fear of the unsubscribe
 And I think that what you're doing here with this lead challenge is amazing because
 It's solving that problem, you know, most of the people who fear the unsubscribe
 Don't have a systematic way of adding people to their to their list
 And so when you have let's say a thousand people on your list and you see 300 drop off
 You're like, oh, I'm gonna run out of people
 Right, but if you're adding 50 a hundred a thousand however many people a week a day
 It doesn't really matter. You're just like, okay
 I'm weeding out the people that don't like my story that don't like what I have to say
 And I'm keeping the people who do and so if we keep with the with the freeway analogy
 It's like if they merge onto your business
 And they realize it. Oh, I'm on the wrong street. It's like, okay, take the next exit and and that's totally okay
 Yeah, I was thinking about it
 Um, like is like a sifting and sorting right like you're dumping all these leads in because they want to leave magnets
 Sexually to lead magnet more people come in and then you're like figuring out like these my people
 Am I there? Am I the right leader?
 Yeah, right because I always I've talked about a lot I feel like business
 For all of us when we're in business like we're called to serve a group of people
 And just because I serve this group of people a lot of people are gonna come in but a lot of them are gonna leave
 And that's okay. Like it's just sifting in the sorting
 You know again, we have 35,000 people join this challenge every single day hundreds of you guys that are unsubscribing
 That's totally cool. It means this is not the right fit. You know, like me. I talk too fast
 I'm annoying like whatever it is. That's cool
 I want to figure that now before you give me money because if you give me money and then you don't like me
 It's gonna be super weird and like awkward and like I'd rather you guys believe now if you don't like me at this point
 And go find someone else and that's cool
 If like if if you're not who I'm called to serve go find the next person
 I find the person who's the right leader for you and you should feel the same way about by your audience like if they don't connect with you
 They should find the right person
 I think when all send in we want the result for our customer more than I don't care if you give me money or someone else as long as you get the result
 That's that's the mission. So 100% and I think you know just to kind of piggyback on that
 It's so important that you show up as who you actually really truly are
 Right like you and I laugh all the time because both of us are introverts and we get kind of awkward sometimes and it's okay
 But I lead with that, you know, I'm just like, hey, I'm yada golden, you know, I really love my partner
 I love my kids. I love my dog. He's a Frenchie and he like snores all the time
 And I love star wars and you know like I talk about all of those different kinds of things because it's who I am
 Right like I even drop an f bomb every once in a while in my emails and I'm like if you're the type of person who's going to be offended by that
 You're probably not a right fit for me and that's okay. Go find the person who is and I know that you do the same
 It's like by showing those different facets of your attractive character of who you actually are
 It makes it so that your content creation is much easier and it's much more sustainable because you're not playing a part
 That you think somebody wants you to be you're actually showing up as who you are. Yeah. Yeah, very cool
 All right, two real good things that I'm going to dive in email by email. So
 Number one is a week or two ago yada came over to the office and I had her read her entire six email sequence
 And she time with the audience. Yeah, so we're talking about it and
 She writes emails longer than me like and so I want to stress like it doesn't matter the length
 It's matters like the the content, right?
 But in the one page you guys are beginning here in a minute you can actually watch and have her she's going to read her six emails
 You'll see like a practical application what we're talking about
 We're talking about some of the structure on each of the emails, but if you want to see her actually doing it
 Get the one you get the one page or tonight go watch the video and you're like, oh, this is cool
 They're hearing how she tells the story at the same time. Don't be like she wrote a four page email
 I like Russell can't do that like it's so it's it's the story. It doesn't anyway
 So that's number one number two is Jim Edwards and yada got together and yada kind of shared
 Here's my framework for the emails and then Jim took her framework
 Her frameworks and reverse engineer into software and so the other thing we're gonna give you the one page or today is
 This new software you fill in the blanks with your storage you click a button and it actually will take those and it'll write out the six email sequence
 Which is awesome. They can't take it and copy and paste it yet
 I was like he's not gonna be able to do it and then I was like, oh my gosh. He did
 It's really cool. So that's the two kids you guys are getting here in a little bit
 But I just wanted to um to delay you guys know that because again right now we're talking about some of the structure
 And some of the things you'd be like, okay, I kind of understand that but I need to see it
 You'll be able to actually see it in the one page or so
 All right, so that said, yeah, let's go day by day. So day number one
 Tell us what the question is and like what like how do you do that email?
 Like what are the things you're thinking through as you're writing the very first email that someone's getting when they first get your your lean magnet
 So the very first email is basically my handshake, right? It's just like, hey, I'm yada. Nice to meet you, you know, and um
 And I want to tell them a little bit about how I became who I am today. It's not like, hey
 I was born in san diego in 1982 like nobody wants your biography in this email. It's really about
 Telling them the things and the parts of your story that are relevant to them right now, right?
 So I start with um, I believe I start at the kitchen table in my new apartment
 You know, and I'm just like, you know, here
 I was sitting at this kitchen table the first time that I have a mortgage to or a rent to pay and a phone to pay and like all of
 These things and I'm stressed because I don't have money
 What I'm attempting to do with sharing that story is to meet my prospect where they're at
 Right because if somebody is looking to engage their email audience or is looking to write learn how to write emails
 My guess is that they're wanting to make more money
 And so
 They may not be in as dire a situation as I was but the feeling right the underpinning feeling of that whole situation is the same
 It's like I have my head in my hands. I'm trying to figure out how to make this work and I'm frustrated
 Right. And so that's what i'm really going for with the story
 it's it's connecting with them on an emotional level of
 Sharing a story that comes with the feeling that everybody's experienced
 And so, you know
 I would ask all of you guys as you're thinking of your own story to say
 Where is your prospect like what is the pain? What is the frustration?
 What is the the shame or whatever it happens to be that they're feeling that they're wanting to overcome
 And what's the story that you can share with them that will help them
 Connect with you and think oh my gosh. He's felt that too. She's felt that too
 Let me continue reading so that I can see how this wraps up very cool
 Yeah, one of the mistakes a lot of people make that I see
 Especially when you become an expert or whatever is
 Our natural desires we want to position ourselves is like look at how great I am
 So my first email is like my name is Russell Brunson on the CEO of ClickFunnels
 This year we did blah blah blah millions adult like you think is like oh, I'm I'm letting away
 I'm they're gonna think I'm awesome. They're gonna listen to me
 That's not actually what works what works is you're getting off your pedestal coming back to where they're at and like I was in the same spot
 You're in that's why I created this thing that we're talking about
 Let me tell you my story and and that that's what builds the connection and now they want to go on the journey with you
 Okay, we are
 I don't know why it is I see this every I see people doing webinars and Facebook lives and every like every communication
 They all want to posture it makes them feel better about themselves
 But as soon as you posture it pushes them away
 Okay, so get off your get off your posturing and come back down and go back to where they're at right now
 And where you are at and relate to them and like share the empathy and that's the that's what builds a connection that gets them to be like
 Oh my gosh. Yada understands me or Russell understands me and reading a story and they okay tomorrow's email
 I'm gonna I'm gonna look for and open it because like I actually connected with that person 100%
 It's like I say, you know, you got to come off of this mount kill him with knowledge, right?
 Because that's what we think we're like
 I'm gonna talk to them about all the cool big words that I know and all of the awesome seminars and people that I've worked with and like
 they the the
 Gap that they have to bridge between their position and your position
 You know, if we're even gonna look at it as like a height thing is is huge, right?
 And they're just like I'm never gonna get there. They already think it's so hard
 If we come off of mount kill with knowledge and we do exactly what you said stand shoulder to shoulder with them and be like
 Listen, I'm not better than you. I'm just further down the road than you are
 And I've learned a lot of things by stumbling and falling on my face and picking myself back up and dusting myself off
 And I'm gonna tell you a little bit about that behind the scenes so that you know what's coming up
 It's almost like putting out a roadmap for them and saying like hey
 There's some tarpets over there and there's a saber tooth tiger over there
 So like make sure that you watch out because I ran into them
 That's how I know and that makes you way more relatable
 And it makes you trustworthy and it makes you somebody that they understand that you actually can't help them because you're telling
 You're talking about something that they're experiencing and they have shame around
 They don't want anybody to know that they don't know how to build their business or that they don't know how to email their audience and you're like
 Dude, I know what that was like. I remember sitting at my computer like staring at the cursor and being like oh my gosh
 Like it's never gonna go away
 So it makes it way easier. Cool. So that's email number one
 Now you know what email number one you're not selling stuff. You're not hard closing them
 It's just building the connection so they're gonna open email number two and hopefully keep people open the emails in the future
 Completely completely and then email number two is really like where did you come from?
 Right and I told you guys a little bit about where I came from I had it had nothing to do with
 Geography right it had to do with I got divorced and I became a relationship coach
 This is a little bit about how that started and this is the progression that I went through to become a copywriter
 Right and so that's what I mean by like where did you come from like where did your business come from?
 Where did your expertise come from like did you earn it?
 Did you learn it like how did how did this come to be?
 And um the one thing I forgot to mention on email one is that all of these emails
 I always end them with the call to action is actually a reply like I'm asking them for engagement
 Especially when you're first building your list because this is when you're most excited
 Right like you're gonna see a hundred or fifty people jump on your list and you're like oh my gosh
 There's new people and when you send an email out and they reply you're like oh there's actually really people there
 You don't feel like you're talking to that void
 And you get to see also like what they're excited to hear from you about right and so email number two is very casual also
 It's not a super hard pitch. It's just kind of telling them like this is how I came to do what it is that I do
 And then in email three we're really gonna start talking to them about what that is
 Cool so question one is who are you?
 Yep question two is where did you come from?
 Yeah, I was like I should have wrote this down on my hand or something
 I remember all okay
 Is that where you come from?
 Is this where you came from your back kind of like leading the gap of like I'm over here
 Yeah, like I was a regular person and now I do this
 How did that happen like who did you talk to?
 What conference did you go to?
 What experience did you have in your life right?
 There was like there was eventually like some some valley that you experienced where you were like never again right?
 I'll at Tony Robbins. It's like never again. I'm never gonna do that again and everything from then on was different
 And then email number three is gonna be like, okay. Well, what do you do?
 Like tell me about what it is that you do and so for you
 It's like you were like well, I had this potato gun like you were in school
 Right, you're just like I need to make money
 And so that was your valley
 And then you were like and so what did I do?
 I created this potato gun and I started selling these CDs online
 And that's where you like that's what you do
 Like you create info products you and then you create it an easier way for people to sell those info products, right?
 For me, it was like
 I actually help people wrap their heads around what their story is and share it in a way that helps people come in and actually connect with them
 Right and so I talk a little bit about like what when I had that realization when I realized that it was a problem for others
 And not just me and then the solution that I created for that
 Like did I create the salute did I like happen upon the solution or did I actually intentionally go and create it?
 Like that's what this email is about is so that people are gonna start seeing oh my gosh
 You know, she saw that that was a problem for other people
 It's actually one of the problems that I have and she said that she created a solution
 I want to hear what that solution is because I trust her. I like her. I want to keep going
 Yeah, when she talked about this
 I'm just she talked about earlier like me some on a networking party and then the logical questions you'd ask them
 I picture myself in a conversation like who are you cool? How did you get there? Like what do you do?
 You know, like it's it is very natural like the progression of a normal conversation. Yeah, which is why it works. So well
 Yeah, all right. What's next email after that? So number four, we're gonna go into
 How did you earn it or learn it right like tell me about how you gain this expertise
 For me, the story is actually Jamie Cross in inner circle came up to me one day and she said yada
 I read all of your posts on on facebook
 I feel like I could have written them myself. Have you ever thought about writing for another company?
 And I literally stopped and in my tracks. I was like, no, I've just been writing
 And it's not even making me that much money, right? I was like, I don't have call to actions
 I'm showing up like mr. Nice guy
 Um, and I was like, well, let me give it a shot. You know, she's like, would you write for my company?
 And I was like, absolutely
 And so I interviewed her I got like I fell in love with her story with her her character like everything that she was doing
 And I just started writing to her audience and her audience came to life and they started wanting the products
 And we started telling stories about the products and all of these things
 And so I saw that there was an actual need for something that I wanted to do and that I was good at doing
 And and that's really when everything changed. I remember standing up that you're at funnel hacking live and I was like in the audience
 And I was like, I'm gonna speak on stage next year and I was like, I have no idea how that's gonna happen
 Why that came out of my mouth, but it was just this feeling that I had I was like, I found my thing
 And so I tell them that story, you know in the email and it really helped
 So and what I want you to see with all these emails is that there is inception selling that's happening along the way, right?
 Because as I'm telling you my story and as I'm telling you what I did
 I'm sharing results and I'm sharing information about what I'm doing for other people and how I came to gain that knowledge and all of that stuff
 And so you're naturally already like, oh, like she's the person that I need to talk to you if I want to do this in my business
 So yeah, that's kind of a thing. I know a lot of you guys can be like, wait
 So I'm not selling in every single email. It's like, well, not
 Directly but every email is like building the connect like it builds relationship
 It builds your expertise and to the point where like they trust you
 They like you which is like how most sales happen anyway, right?
 There's a reason why I spend five days an hour every single day plus homework and give you guys like stuff like crazy because I'm hoping by
 In which like all right Russell's got the key he knows what he's doing
 I'm gonna go to the next level with Russell and then and like that's the value ladder
 He's talking about yeah, and so these emails are doing that we're pointing out a day four day four day four day five
 Yeah, there's like oh my gosh like I think they I think this person's got the answers like I
 Think I found the right person and that's when it starts pre-selling everything else you're doing
 Well, and I think the really cool thing too is that you're because you're not going after this
 It's like if you met somebody and tried to kiss them immediately, right?
 If you're just like oh my gosh, you're gorgeous. I just want to kiss you
 It's like oh, that's you're gonna push them away, right?
 And that's what it's like when you show up as the pickup artist
 You're just like hey nice to meet you by my thing
 And it's like well, hey nice to meet you. Why don't you tell me a little bit about yourself
 Let me ask you a couple questions
 Let me tell you a little bit about my background
 It's like three or four dates down the line
 Your prospect is actually like okay like how like I'm excited. I really like you
 I like what you have to say you seem like you have a solution for my thing like how do I how do I get a hold of you?
 Like how do I work with you?
 Those are the types of emails that I get back from this sequence like it's email three four five and people are like
 How do I work with you like how do I schedule with you?
 Where do I send you money?
 Yeah, exactly and it's such a cool experience, but especially when you consider like you're not selling like there isn't actually a CTA
 But the invitation is there the door is open
 And so what starts happening is that a lot of those replies become sales conversations because they're like hey
 You told a story about you know not knowing how to pay your mortgage or your rent and you know wanting to find an alternative
 I'm in that same situation, you know, can you help me and it's like well
 Yeah, I've actually put together this course for you or you know
 Have you looked into this or that or the other and so so those all
 Those inbound it's it creates the space where you're not selling to people
 They're buying from you. Yeah, and that's such a distinction
 It's like so important because for people that are you know feel weird or kind of cringy about like being salesy
 This eliminates that completely because you're now just opening the door and saying I'm open for business
 This is what I do. Do you want to talk about it? And they're just like yeah, I do want to talk about it and you're good. Yeah, that's awesome
 Okay, we are on email five email five. Yeah, who do you do this for?
 Right, so now we've told them who you are where you came from what you do
 How you earned it or learned it we're gonna talk to them about who you do this for
 This is one of my absolute favorite emails because it's like the inception of all inceptions because we're gonna present them a case study
 So, um if you're just starting out you may not have like your, you know grandiose case study yet
 But go and find somebody right and help somebody get the result that you that you are promising people
 And then tell their story right like whoever that ideal person is for you and say, you know
 When I met russell, um he was you know running this huge company and I was like, oh my gosh
 I could totally help him get his message out
 And it turned out that he was looking to do a new onboarding sequence for his people
 And so I we you know we went through the process. I interviewed him. I had this amazing story
 We wrote the emails he put it out and these were the results that he got right and
 Like it was so so amazing working with him
 These are the types of people that I work with these are the problems that they're having
 These are the objections that they had to maybe working with me. This is how I overcame those objections
 So you're you're walking them through the sales process
 But you're doing it from a distance so that they don't feel like it's actually about them, right?
 Like they can hear the story that you're telling about whomever you're talking about and say, oh my gosh
 I'm just like russell or i'm just like sherry or i'm just like john
 Like I have those same problems. I had that same objection
 Right if you're somebody like money objections are the huge thing right or I have to talk to my spouse
 If those are objections that you hear a lot you can write them out with your counter, right?
 It's like, oh
 Susie desperately wanted to work with me
 But you know when we were talking about it, she really needed to talk to her spouse
 And so I asked her these questions and this is the result that she got or I coached her on how to talk to her spouse about it
 Right and so you actually coached them through it in the email
 So by the time they get to the end of it, they're already on the other side of it
 And they're just like, oh my gosh, like let's just do this
 Um, so that's that's one of my favorites
 I never told the story before but you were saying that it reminded me so when um uh clinton I first met my wife
 We were hanging out with a bunch of friends and stuff and I used to have these lists
 It was like my drew like my future wife
 These are the qualities my future wife and these are the things she does
 It's the thing she and I would always share those things
 And it's funny because we were just hanging out at the time and she told me she's like
 One day we're hanging your house and you were talking about stuff and she's like, huh
 Like I have that quality
 I do that thing she's like checking these things off and she's like
 Huh, and then that was the first time in her mind. She's like
 What if like
 Because my wife's older than me so she's like wait
 like
 It's like this really weird fit right and like so I I did that close. I didn't even know it the whole time anyway
 Yeah, but it's pretty cool because it's like it's like it's not as uh, it scares like
 Like this is why she found my thing. It's like this is why other people did and people will identify like
 Oh my gosh, I connected that person and that story that thing and again drawing them to you completely
 And you can it doesn't have to be just one person
 You can totally go through like two or three different avatars and just talking about like these are the types of people that I helped
 A chain attain this result. These are some of the objections that they have
 These are some of the fears that they have these are some of the results that they've gotten
 And so and nobody likes being told what to do right if you're just like you should do this
 It's like uh, I don't want to right like your your your wall goes up
 But if you're telling somebody a story
 Humans just learn that way right? We love hearing stories and we get like in this like little days
 And we just listen right and we let the information sink in and so that's one of the reasons why that email so powerful because it helps you
 Help your prospect identify like self identify whether they're your ideal client or not
 Yeah, so imagine again now you're at a party and you're talking to person and you're like, yes
 This is what I do it for I did for that person over there and that person over there
 You see all these people. Yeah, okay, and what's the next question that the person is probably going to ask you at that point?
 Well, how do you do it for me?
 Like well, I I've got a business. I got a thing like do it for me now, right?
 Yeah, that email leads us into email number six, which is how do you do it out for me?
 Yeah, for sure and email number six is also super cool because it's uh,
 It's the email where I like to really kind of zoom out to 30,000 foot view of your business
 And you can kind of give them an overview of your entire value ladder because just because somebody's coming in off of a lead magnet doesn't necessarily mean that they're only a low ticket buyer
 Right, like they could be ready for your highest ticket thing
 But if we try to pigeonhole them and say well, this is the only thing you can buy
 They may not buy right and they may leave and so what I like to do is say, you know
 Because I help these kinds of people with these kinds of problems
 I initially developed this product and when I developed that product
 I've learned that when you solve one problem you immediately create another, right?
 And so I realized that this was the next problem everybody was having and so I created this product and then I realized that this was a problem
 And this was a problem and this was a problem
 And so these are the different ways that I'm able to help
 These specific types of people create this result
 And so that's really where you now have your links you have your calls to action
 You have anything like that that you know and I would prefer to see one link in an email
 Um, just so that you don't lose people, you know, clicking out to different places
 But if you can create a page where you have all your offers and it's like, well, just go and click the one that's right for you
 Yeah, yeah super cool. Yeah, and that's when they start buying now
 Think about like the built-up anticipation over these days is just like
 They they get to know you like oh my gosh
 This person's like me and then they start seeing these things and it keeps progressing and progressing and by the end
 They're just like I want to buy something and you're like well
 Here's what I have to offer. It's like oh sweet and like you said it's interesting. We talked about a value ladder
 Mmm say yesterday. Yeah yesterday about a value ladder. Right. I think on that page all times like, you know
 Here's my here's my hundred-dollar course for people want that here's my three thousand dollar live event
 Here's my ten thousand dollar master or whatever whenever your version of that is right
 I can clean your teeth. I can whiten your teeth. I can give you braces or whatever those things are like like just option offer it and
 Um, you know, it's been interesting because when I wrote the first dot-com secrets book
 I talked about the value ladder and I think my belief for the time a lot of people's belief for the time
 It's like people have to go through step one to step two to step three. It wasn't until later
 Where I started realizing that some people just want to go to the top like like what I met you and James like you guys
 I don't know if you bought anything ahead of time. You're like, what's the most expensive thing?
 I'm like, well, I have my inner circle. You're like sweet. We're in boom and you're like just
 We went from like perfect webinar script to inner circle. Yeah, they just leave frog right up
 And so it's it's kind of cool in this email number six to be like hey
 Here's here's the options and some people high-ticket buyers will go if I take it low-ticket
 And like people will kind of bracket themselves and put themselves in where makes sense for them at that point
 Um and then moving forward the other email sequences you can focus specifically on a product or service
 But during this onboarding it's kind of like this redo and you're showing them like here's the buffet
 Pick what makes most sense to you and uh, and then that way people kind of self bracket themselves and how you you've got
 Yeah, this is coming in. It's like getting to know you sequence
 You know and and I think showing up as who you really are and showing those quirks about yourself and telling stories about things that are important to you
 And you know in mind like I acknowledge like my mentors all of the time like I'm
 When I read it, I was like, oh my gosh, this is like my ode to Russell
 But but it's it's awesome. You know, you always say like give credit where credit is due
 And I I believe that this is an amazing place to do that because when you're talking about how you learn this how you earn this
 It's like what conferences did you go to what books did you read? What what coaches did you learn from and
 That actually adds credibility like it's not going to take anything away from you because at the end of the day
 You're the person that's providing this value to these people
 You're the person who drew them in and I actually just had this thought. It's like you're putting out a lead magnet, right
 Continue to magnet continue to be magnetic like this sequence actually allows you to continue drawing them in rather than like trying to like grab at them
 Once they're there and I think that's that's a mistake a lot of people make is that they they go for the cash grab
 Like really quickly and I'm like just just let them sit there for a second and get to know you and get comfortable
 So that when you do make that offer, they're ready to say yes
 Awesome. Yeah, okay. One last question I'm gonna ask you because I know I've gotten this a lot over the last couple days
 Is for some reason not everybody but there's a huge segment of
 People who hang out with this that always like well, that's cool, but it doesn't work for my business
 Um, so I love you guys. I know you've done this for you've done for my business years other people's
 But I love that I kind of show like a breath of like these are the types of businesses work for and then help them understand
 Doesn't matter what business you're in the process is still the same
 It really doesn't everybody likes to think that they're like a delicate unique flower
 And we all are as human beings, but marketing is the same no matter what industry you're in and of course
 There's like you know nuances
 Um, we've done it for e-commerce businesses. We've done it for physical product businesses. We've done it for dentistry businesses
 We've done it for uh software businesses. We've done it for coaching businesses. We've done it for
 Network marketing
 Businesses we've done it for network marketing like I mean anything and everything that you can possibly think of this sequence will help because
 At the end of the day behind all of this is a relationship with a human being
 Right and human beings are by nature social animals and social creatures
 And we want to feel connected and we want to feel a part of something
 And so when you create that space where they can actually come in and get to know you and
 Understand who you are what it is that you do like you're you're helping them take those steps to come closer to your offer
 Um through these emails and that's that's really what's going to create the relationship
 And the yes at the end of the day
 Awesome and it works for all businesses. Yes all businesses very cool. Thank you. Thank you. All for sharing that so
 Um, we're almost towards the end what i'm gonna do again in in like two minutes now
 I'm gonna give you guys um the one pager and the one page there's two really cool things
 Well, there's a lot of cool things but two of the cool the coolest things is uh
 You're gonna have a chance if you want to watch y'all to actually read through her six email sequence
 When somebody comes into her world for her email uh copywriting things
 And then um also jim edwards built software then takes her frameworks for each day
 You fill in the forms you click a button and reverse engineers and write c60 most for you
 And as you'll see like they don't come out perfect
 They come out like 95 there you still gotta go back clean them up and tweak your stories and add your
 Adjectives and your things and they're but the most part there's an amazing job of like helping you
 Uh start on the journey when the hardest things as you know and I know from like writing copy writing words is like starting with a blank page
 It's just like uh the little flashing cursor and you're like I hate that cursor just keeps like mocking me
 And so the the the software we're giving you guys will they will do it it'll pop out
 There's six emails and then you're like oh sweet
 So cool
 Okay before I give you the one page or low um um
 I got so yesterday. I kind of brought up the fact that at the end of this five-day challenge
 I was thinking about on monday starting um to uh to do one funnel way the ofa challenge
 And doing it live in the similar format as we've been doing it
 You guys have been telling you love this format going live getting the one page or getting the homework and doing it back and forth
 And so we were been contemplating actually doing one funnel way live for 30 days starting on monday
 Um after I told you as that the amount of people who said please please please was a lot
 So we finally committed to it. So that means monday. I'm gonna be starting the one funnel way challenge live
 Um and we got so many questions you guys cool if I spend like five minutes going through that really quick
 And then I'll give you guys the one page or in the software right afterwards or make sure you guys are all cool with that
 I can't see you all but if you're cool, send the comments say yes russell
 Okay, i'm gonna go really quickly won't take more than five minutes. I want to show you guys really quick
 So they have these guys pull up the slides right here on the uh the podium so I can see them as well
 Um, okay, so the one funnel way challenge
 As it's
 I'm excited for a lot of things but the thing i'm most excited by is um, we're making some new ads for this recently
 And I literally got a hang from the the ceiling like tom cruises didn't emission impossible
 So you'll start seeing these ads all over place coming, but um, that's how dedicated I am to the art
 And to making sure you guys take tensions. I hung myself from the ceiling
 It was like literally one of the great days of my life. Anyway, so this is the one funnel way challenge
 And it's very fun every single day um similar to the five-day lead challenge
 You're gonna get a mission just like this, okay, and the very first ever live and again
 We've done one funnel way has been around for two and a half years
 Um in the past has been kind of uh an online course people take
 This is the first time ever that i'm gonna be doing it live. So if you're here right now and we're live
 Um starting monday, we're gonna go live every single day for 30 days in the future. It may be uh recorded version but this time is gonna be live
 Um, it's simplified from the old one funnel way. We've taken some of these out. We simplified some things
 Um, it's gonna be so much fun. And so if you've done in the past
 You should still do it. You should definitely do it again because this one's updated it's different
 And it's gonna be it's gonna be a lot of fun
 So again the first ever one starts this monday live same time same uh same place as um as these uh five-day lead challenge
 Are gonna be we're starting monday will go um five days a week going through this for for um for 30 days, okay?
 Um now really quick. Um, I want to show you guys this is one of the promotional videos we made
 Um
 So your challenge is you choose the accept it is to go through ofa with us
 So i'm gonna have you guys watch this video really really quickly
 To kind of show you guys what one funnel way challenge is what it looks like and we come back
 I'll walk you through kind of the structure and then I'll give you guys the one pages right after that
 So let's keep the video now. What's the first thing you need the second thing and the third thing?
 Pretend like these are humans because they are
 Where's one funnel way mean like what is the whole concept behind that?
 For everybody it's different for some of you guys you're in a job you hate you're trying to get out of that right?
 Some of you guys you are entrepreneurs. You got a business and maybe it's stuck and it's not where you want it to be yet
 And some of you guys just want funnel that helps you get the bigger impact
 My goal of this challenge is to help you guys to design an architect and understand
 What that funnel is and how it's going to work for you specifically
 Belief is the most important part involved in all of this
 I need you to believe this will work for you
 For some of these people think because it's a funnel. It's like this magic nerdy thing
 It's like no, it's people or people. This is just a process we're taking somebody through
 Funnel is like having the best salesperson on earth take somebody through the process to find the exact within you
 Difference between what happens here in the store what happens here is not enough to have a salesperson the funnel does the selling for you
 That's what you're trying to create for them if you do that
 The increase is the happiness of your customer
 They will increase how much money you make of every transaction which makes it a better experience for you as well
 That's what a funnel is. That's the big secret
 Way this challenge is going to work each day. There's gonna be new videos unlocked
 Each one is going to be a mission after that mission's finished
 There's gonna be some kind of task for you to do and then you need you to do it
 Today's mission we're going to start getting into your offer sequencing
 We're going to be talking about offer hacking the power of e-covers publishing story squeeze page sales page or form
 OTO page how to fill your funnel build out your dream 100 traffic paid side of ads
 This is like the number one rule of direct response mark a confused mind always says no
 Average attention span of a human being today. That's how long it is
 Seven seconds is because of that your website's literally blocking people from giving you money hook story offer hook story off going grabbing someone
 Getting their attention increase the offer you make it better people give you money people give you the email address people click on your ads
 That's the magic
 The one funnel away challenge was amazing
 Thank you Russell for changing my life and changing my business a lot of people get into the sake
 They don't understand the fundamentals and because of that it's complicated
 I literally feel like I can open up any business right now
 When you understand the base core principles of direct response marketing then funnels become really simple and really easy
 This process will work for you. It'll change your business. It'll change your life, but most importantly it's going to change lives to your customers
 I mean the two comma call up
 Business is not about you just making money
 But you'll find very very quickly as you go through this process the excitement and energy and motivation might just last long
 Is after start making money what it will light you up is your ability to serve these customers
 This is a dream come true, man. I've visualized this over and over again. Did you see their lives transformed?
 That's what's gonna light you up. I think that's the key
 That's why we do all the stuff we do and it's gonna be why you're building your company as well
 Wow if you spend the next 30 days
 Put in the time put in the effort putting the energy
 I promise you guys it'll be worth it at the end of this you'll have something really cool to show yourself
 Show your spouse show your friends or your family. It'll be like the launch pad for your entire new company
 I need you to unglue from the external things that you're doing and just focus
 It's a lot of work for concentrate period time, but it's worth it
 Just one funnel way and I'm excited to help you get there during this challenge
 Oh
 Man, I just got really excited for the the olf a challenge
 Let's re-sign up. I'm so excited again
 Two and a half years ago when we recorded the very first one following my challenge
 I've never done it live before and starting Monday
 We're gonna be going live for 30 days in a similar format to this and it's gonna be really fun really exciting
 So let me walk us through how this whole process is gonna work. Okay, so number one
 It's gonna be very similar what you guys have been experiencing this week
 Every day I will go live teaching you guys the strategy on a wipe or teaching you the next step in the process
 Okay, it'll be starting the same time. So noon eastern ten o'clock mountain time
 Nine pacific and then you got to figure out the the conversions if you live somewhere else because I don't know how it works
 But I'll be going live same kind of thing for 30 to 40 minutes a day teaching you guys the strategy as soon as that's done
 Once again, I'm creating one pagers for every single step. I will give you the one pager with the video
 I'm actually doing the assignment I asked you to do and all the homework and everything that so you get the one pager
 Walking through the process. Okay, so I'll go live it again at 10 o'clock my time
 It's in this time get the one pager and then that day
 at
 One o'clock mountain times was that three eastern time
 We have a full team that actually supports the olf okay full team people
 So every single day you can jump in and they do live coaching on that session
 Okay, so you listen the strategy you apply the strategy you jump in and if you're stuck
 We got live coaches there who literally sit there and do the thing with you
 So if you're stuck, I can't figure it out. Okay, um obviously in the five-day lead challenge because it's completely free
 I can't forward to spend money on coaches to coach you through every single step in the process
 Been one fun away all the money we get goes back into the coaches to help fulfill
 On the process. Okay, so it's really cool. You get the strategy
 Right you get the tactics, but you also get the implementation
 Which is why so many people who've gone through olf have had success because there's live coaches there
 Every single day you can log in you can ask your questions if you get stuck if you get frustrated
 There's people there to help serve you to make sure that you actually execute and finish all the steps in the process
 Okay, so that's step number three is implementation that happens every single day during the one fun away challenge, which is really cool
 Okay, so to look at contrast like how does this compare to that?
 So the five-day lead challenge what we did we figure out your ultimate result, right?
 Then we figured out figure out your core result from there
 We took one of your splinter frameworks
 We built the lead magnet out of it, right?
 And that's been the the framework that we covered during the the five-day lead challenge
 Okay, so one funnel way challenge taken to the next tier what we do instead
 Is we're taking this core result, okay?
 And from the core result we're gonna build out your very first ever sales funnel, okay?
 So we're gonna have your sales funnel your sales video your offer your order form bump your epsilon number one
 You're epsilon number two in your thank you page
 So by the time the one funnel way challenge is done you're gonna have an actual offer to be able to sell people
 Okay, so oh so five-day lead challenge your generator and leads off your lead magnet now you got these leads coming in now
 It's like well if you don't have a product yet or a business yet or a funnel yet. How do I like how do I make money?
 Okay, one funnel way is gonna give you that funnel
 We're actually gonna sell your frameworks sell your products sell your services and again
 It's gonna be happening over 30 days by the time the 30-day process is done
 What's cool is you're gonna have an entire funnel?
 Let's build out your sales videos will be done your offers will be done your frameworks will be done your products will be done like all the pieces
 Will be finished they'll all be connected and you'll have traffic coming into these funnels and it's gonna be really really cool
 Okay, so here's what the weeks look like week number one
 We're focusing on your offer and your frameworks number two
 We're building out your entire funnel week number three
 We're working on your upsells your downsells things like that and week number four
 It's all about traffic and selling more people into into this funnel you're building
 Okay, and so that's what it looks like
 The one thing you guys are where again the five-day lead challenge has been free the one funnel way challenge is a paid challenge
 But it's just a hundred bucks. Okay, and the coolest thing about it is if you um if you are an affiliate
 We pay out 100% affiliate commissions. Okay. This hundred bucks is not about me
 This is about getting you guys to put some skin in the game to make sure you're committed to actually following through and doing the process
 Okay, so it's a hundred bucks
 What's that three dollars a day? Basically? So it's three dollars a day to get coached for me live for an hour
 And then all the live coaches and stuff like that
 And the other thing is like let's say you do this you sign for one funnel way challenge
 This is awesome. If you tell one of your friends, I give you pay out 100% affiliate commissions
 So if you sign up you pay the hundred dollars you get when your friends are signed up
 You get that hundred dollars. Okay, so you get one other person sign up is completely free to you
 Okay, and so that again, we're not making money off one fun way challenge
 My goal with one fun way challenge is to give you guys the tools and the resources you need to be successful with funnels
 Okay, my mission is you guys know the top of my value ladder
 Right that my my ultimate result
 I'm trying to give you guys is to grow your companies through sales funnels
 Am I getting you guys into the one fun way challenge? That's how I do that
 And so it's a hundred dollars is a premium challenge
 But you get all of this and then again if you refer anybody else you get 100% commission, which is cool
 And so if you want to be part of the one fun way challenge that's starting live on monday
 All you gotta do is go to one funnelway.com you sign up and register for it there and then get prepared for monday
 It's gonna be a lot of fun. Okay, so that's kind of it
 Um for the one fun way challenge. Okay, so now what I do is I want to give you guys
 Uh your actual homework time so if we can pull up the one pager there was gonna be getting here really quick
 You gotta have just hasn't actually seen this one page. Yeah, I'm so excited
 This is it so across the top you can see the doodles. These are what the five days look like
 Oh, this is the video. So if you watch this video right here
 This will be me actually showing you guys how we do it like how do we fill out gym software?
 How do we get the emails written? How do we plug those into quick funnels, right?
 How do you plug them into the email sequence so that emails automatically get sent out
 So that video will walk through all the tactics the homework
 It's me my house doing the assignment with you and then as you scroll that again, you see
 There's the six days you have a reminder what the what the frameworks look like
 You have your spot here to kind of brainstorm out. That's just six different days and go up a little higher
 Or sorry the other way lower. Yeah, there's yada's video if you click on that
 You have a chance to watch the video if you're actually reading out
 Her six email sequence, which is really fun and then there's the software box email copy generator
 This is the software gym bill for you guys you click on that
 It'll give you the software fill in the blanks and write the entire thing
 And then the third step then is plugging your email sequence into what we call follow up funnels
 Follow up funnels is built inside a click funnels
 It is the thing that sends out the email so someone gives you their email address for the lead magnet follow up funnel say
 This is the first email you send out. This is the second
 This is the third it all hot happen automatically behind the scenes
 You just got to write the emails
 Post them into follow funnels and then that point forward is done
 It just magically happens behind the scenes. So in there's assignments all the steps everything's in there
 Um, I'll have them drop the link down below where you guys get the one page for today
 There it is
 Five five daily challenge calm slash follow up funnel
 Uh, that's where you go and I'll take you the one page or again save it to your account go through the process
 And do your homework assignment you guys it's not a difficult one
 Uh, it'll take you a little while it's not hard, but it takes a while to go fill the emails out
 But when you're done you have to have your six email sequence done. It'll be finished
 It'll be amazing
 And uh, so again, there's the link down below five daily challenge calm slash follow up funnels
 And on top of that, I want to thank you out for coming and serving you guys today
 She's this for free on kindness of her heart super grateful for doing that
 If all of you guys in the um in the comments down below if you're on facebook or youtube or instagram or zoom
 Wherever you're at if you can tell you how to thank you so much for coming today and serving you guys
 Uh super grateful for her and all she's done and without saying thanks you guys so much for hanging out with us
 And we'll see you guys tomorrow when we start diving into traffic. Thanks everybody. We'll see you guys tomorrow
 [music]
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 And what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 And this free gift comes with almost 20 thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free
 Just for saying maybe you can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsledder.com
 Not only you can get the 20 000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsledder.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
