 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson and welcome to a special marketing secrets episode where
 I'm going to let you guys see behind the scenes at one of our presentations from last
 year's Funnel Hacking Live.
 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast, we'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright, so this presentation is one that I was really nervous at giving.
 It was called One Funnel Way which was a whole theme of the last Funnel Hacking Live
 event and it's something that I wanted to share with my failures, my bankruptcy stories,
 the ups and the downs.
 Everyone here talks about the highlight reel I wanted to share the other side of it.
 I don't typically release sessions from Funnel Hacking Live anywhere but this one has such
 a big impact on our audience and help people know that everyone, including me, especially
 me, has big ups and big downs yet literally we're just one fun away from success each
 time.
 So as we are preparing for an extra funnel hacking live, which will be coming live soon
 at funlhackinglive.com, I was kind of re-watching some of the presentations I saw, so I was
 like, I want more people to have this.
 So I'm going to break this episode into two episodes, this is episode number one.
 Go check it out and leave me a comment if you like it, please subscribe, tell other people
 about it and hopefully we'll give you some hope and some faith that the path you are
 on is right and that this process is going to get you what you want and what you desire
 and let you have the best serve of other people.
 So that's the game plan now, check out this episode and I'll see you on part two tomorrow.
 Okay, so what I want to do is I want to go on a journey with you guys, my journey which
 started way back over here on my timeline and my back story.
 So those who know me or have heard about me or know anything about this, I got started.
 Initially I started learning about business when I was a 12 or 13 year old kid, sitting
 there with my dad, he was watching the news and I was watching it with him and I was sitting
 there and I'm like, I can't believe he hasn't told me to go to bed yet, this is the coolest
 thing in the world.
 And the news was on and then when the news ended, Ben Mash came on and I was like, I
 don't, you must think I'm asleep or something, like he hasn't told me to go to bed and I'm
 sitting there like trying to move and I don't want him to know.
 As I'm watching Mash with my dad, I thought it was the coolest thing in the whole world.
 And then when Mash got done, like he still didn't say anything, he's got to be convinced
 I'm asleep, this is so cool.
 And then the next thing came on and it was an infomercial, late night infomercial with
 Don the Pre, how many of you guys remember Don the Pre?
 Yes, just an amazing person and he had an infomercial and I was so grateful for him and
 for his passion, his excitement, talking about what he was doing and he was talking, the
 infomercial is out of place, tiny little classified ads, you can make a fortune, right?
 And it was, it was the coolest thing I remember sitting there listening to him and I was like,
 this makes so much sense.
 I'm looking at my dad like, you paying attention to what's happening, like this guy is, the
 whole thing made so much sense to me, he said, I took a class, I took a classified ad, I
 put it in a newspaper and I made $30.
 And I told my friends and my family, I started a business, I made $30 this week and they
 all laughed at me.
 He's like, so then I took that same ad and I ran it in a thousand newspapers the next
 month and I made $30,000.
 And I was just like, mind blown and I've been ruined from that day on when I came to the
 world.
 I'm like, I can't, I can't not do something like this.
 I was so excited, I saved a bunch of money, mowing lawns and everything and eventually
 I bought down the priest's kid on an infomercial, I read through it all, I learned it and I
 wasn't able to actually do anything though because I didn't have money to do direct mail
 and all sorts of things like that.
 That's how I first heard about direct response market.
 I remember after I got down the priest's kid, I got so excited, I was at the grocery
 store with my mom one time and we were walking out and on the checkout stand there was a
 magazine, it was called Small Business Opportunity Magazine, had a whole bunch of little cartoon
 people in front of me, have you guys ever seen that magazine before?
 That's it.
 This is like the greatest, like swipe file of direct response ads ever.
 So I had no other time though, I was just like, there's like 30 things I had to get
 rich quick and I was like, sweet, I want to get rich quick, that'd be awesome.
 So I had my mom buy me this magazine, I went home and if you look at it, it's like 140
 pages of ads and four pages of articles, it's pretty awesome.
 And so I'm looking at every single ad and I'm like, oh my gosh, I can sell gold chains
 at the mall and make money.
 And so I call this 100 number for free info kit, I'm like, yeah, free info kit is sent
 to my house.
 And then the next page is like something else, page after page, all 140 pages, I call every
 single 800 number to request the free info kit.
 And about a week later, I started getting these gifts in the mail.
 First was like two or three letters and it was like 10 or 15 letters and it was like 60
 or 70 letters.
 And I think those people started selling my name to other mailing lists because it soon
 became like hundreds of letters.
 And the mailman could not physically shove the junk mail in the mailbox anymore because
 there was so much coming in.
 So I get home from junior high and I'd come home and I'd walk into the house and I see
 on the bar, I see two or three letters from my parents and Russell Stackard junk mail.
 And then there's a junk mail and I was like, oh, and I take in my room and I open it and
 I'm like, read these things and I'm like, this is so cool.
 And all these money making ideas.
 So that happened at a young age.
 Unfortunately, again, I couldn't do anything.
 Well, I tried once.
 So this one person convinced me that like direct mail was the key and like, all you do
 is you get a list of buyers who bought similar products and you write a sales letter and
 you mail it to those people and a percentage will buy it.
 I'm like, awesome.
 Only problems I can't afford a mailing list.
 And I don't have any stamps or any envelopes or anything.
 And so I'd done something I'd made a little bit of money doing some chores and I asked
 my mom to go take that money and instead buy stamps and bring me home stamps.
 So she brought me home 38 stamps.
 That's how much money I had made.
 And I had 38 stamps and I was like, this is so awesome.
 I used to tell my brothers and sister and parents always used to tease, well, not my
 parents and tease me.
 My brothers and my sister did, because I'd always like, I'm going to be a millionaire
 any minute now.
 And like, this is going to work.
 And they used to be like, oh, are you a millionaire yet?
 Oh, and like totally make fun of me, right?
 So I had these 38 stamps and I'm like, okay, if I can get 10% of people to buy, that's
 three people.
 If I sell a $50 fraud, it's $150.
 I was like, oh, like, I'll be rich.
 So I didn't know what to do.
 And so they talked about sales letters.
 And so I was like, I write sales, I printed it out on blue paper.
 Somebody blue paper, let me more likely to read.
 So I have one of my parents' computer, I wrote a little sales that I printed out, 38 copies
 of it.
 And I couldn't afford an envelope.
 So I just folded it and stapled it.
 And then I didn't actually have a mailing list.
 So I just opened the white pages and flipped through and randomly picked 38 names.
 I'm like, this is going to be huge.
 So I wrote it, put my stamp on and all my savings put in the mailbox.
 And I was just like, I am going to be rich.
 This is going to be amazing.
 I send it out, told everybody, like, when this comes back, it's over.
 Like, I'll be able to move out, have my own house.
 It's going to be amazing.
 And unfortunately, nobody responded.
 So that was the only time I was able to invest.
 I didn't even have to buy a classified ad in a newspaper.
 So I just kind of, after that, I just kept reading all this junk mail and learning from
 all these people.
 And then a couple years later, I got into wrestling and I kind of forgot about making
 money.
 But there was a seed that had been planted.
 So I wrestled through high school, had a lot of fun, got a college scholarship.
 I wrestled through college.
 And when I was going to college, my insanely beautiful wife, most of you guys, she's right
 here hiding.
 So.
 [APPLAUSE]
 And met her and fell in love really quick.
 And I spent the next like three or four months trying to convince her.
 In fact, it was probably the hardest sell I ever had to convince her that I was the
 right one.
 Luckily, she said, do you see that picture?
 I was kind of a geek, not going to lie.
 Anyway, Commissioner to marry me.
 And it was amazing.
 And about the time we got engaged, I realized my dad said, well, when you get married,
 I'm not going to keep supporting you.
 That's when you become a real man.
 And you have to like, I'm like, what?
 But dad, I'm wrestling and covering my school.
 But you'd always send me money to pay for food and stuff.
 And he's like, no, if you get married, you're kind of on your own.
 I'm like, crap.
 I want to get married, but I don't want to like, grow up yet.
 Dang it.
 And my wife was, if you don't say the time, wife now, she was working and she was making
 money.
 And then she got a second job to support us.
 And I was just like wrestling.
 I'm like, I don't have any money.
 And so I'm like, well, I got to do something.
 And then luckily, the greatest thing in the world happened.
 It happens to a lot of us.
 I was up late at night stressing out about this.
 And then this little thing popped up on TV.
 It was an infomercial.
 And it was this guy talking about how people are making money with these little websites
 and that they were doing an event at Holiday Inn the next day.
 And you can come and get tickets to it.
 I'm like, oh, this is it.
 So I called the number, I get my tickets to Holiday Inn.
 I showed the Holiday Inn.
 It's like a little tiny room with like 50 really, really desperate people sitting there.
 And I get in there.
 There's the dude on stage.
 He's all like in a suit and tie.
 And I'm like, whoa, that guy looks rich.
 And then he started doing his thing.
 And within like five minutes, he closed me on like this $50 thing.
 And so I ran the back and I had my one credit card.
 I think I had like a $300 credit.
 That was it.
 I saw I had earned so far.
 So I bought my $50 thing and I ran back and I'm like, oh, I'm going to make so much money
 with this.
 And then he pitched just on a website which was like $3,000.
 And I was like, oh, and everyone's running back buying websites.
 I'm like, I can't afford a website.
 Dang it.
 And they pitched website hosting at $80 a month.
 And all these things.
 And so like, and then they're teaching you like, hey, if you call your bank, you can
 get your credit extended.
 I'm like, oh, sweet.
 I didn't know that.
 So I'm calling the bank.
 I'm like $1,000.
 I'm learning all these things.
 And so getting my credit card bigger, which is kind of cool.
 And then I bought everything he told.
 I'm like, all right, I need the whole thing.
 So I buy it all.
 And he commits me.
 He's like, PayPal's evil.
 He's like, you have to have a merchant account.
 And there's $6,000 for merchant account.
 I'm like, I don't have $6,000.
 He's like, well, you can't make money online without a merchant account.
 It's $6,000.
 And I'm like, oh, but I couldn't afford that.
 But I had everything else.
 So now that I went home, I was like, cool.
 I got a domain name.
 I got hosting $1,000 worth of internet web stuff.
 And then I went to jump online.
 I was like, I'm going to have a website.
 I was getting excited.
 I started Googling some things.
 And eventually, within about 15 minutes, I realized the website hosting is not $80 a
 month.
 I realized the domain name is not like $1,000.
 I was like, oh, oh, crap.
 Like I got taken for all the internet.
 And I was just like, I was freaked out.
 And so I ended up calling the next day.
 And I was like, yeah.
 So my son is a miner.
 And he goes at your event last night.
 And he charged all those credit cards.
 And he needs to be out of this contract.
 And they got me out of the contract and gave me my money back.
 And I was like, oh, no.
 That's one trick.
 You ever need to get out of a contract.
 It's worked almost every time.
 So those are the real.com secrets.
 All right.
 So I got a contract.
 But that point, I was in.
 I was like, oh, my gosh.
 I see cell stuff on the internet.
 And so that started this thing about the time my wife and I were getting ready to get married.
 And I was trying to sell stuff and I was selling all sorts of different things.
 I remember initially I thought maybe it's eBay.
 People make money on eBay.
 And I remember driving to the thrift store, buying everything that I could find that I
 thought was worth value.
 And then on my bike with grocery sacks full of crap, driving my bike back home.
 And I remember about a Michael Jackson record.
 So I'm like, two records are so old.
 This has got to be worth hundreds of dollars.
 I ended up selling it for 13 cents on eBay.
 So depressed.
 Anyway, and all these things.
 And I was boxing him and I was shipping these things out.
 And when all of a sudden that I think I made $40 or $50, but my costs were $150, $200.
 And I was going to the front of my boxes to box all these weird things I bought.
 And it was just a horrible thing.
 And I'm sitting in the post office with 18 different boxes of weird things, records and
 all these things.
 And there's this dude standing there with a big huge box full of CDs, hundreds and
 hundreds of CDs.
 And I'm here with a wheelbarrow full of odd boxes.
 I'm like, dude, what are you selling?
 He's like, oh, I sell information products.
 I was like, what does that mean?
 He's like, all these CDs have info burned on him.
 People pay me and I ship him a CD.
 I'm like, they do the same CDs.
 Yeah, I have a CD burner.
 I just burn them.
 And then I put them in these things and I send them out.
 So you can't even-- they're all the same size.
 Like, by one box and just like, it'd be so much easier.
 And so that was when we started talking about information products.
 I was like, I don't know if that was even a thing.
 And so I got excited about information products.
 I started googling stuff and started learning about how information products.
 And I ended up finding this CD was called-- it was a CD that had like 8,000 coloring
 book pages for kids.
 And the guy was selling it.
 So I emailed him.
 I was like, dude, the CD's cool.
 I was like, can I buy the rights from the CD so I can-- I want to sell it.
 And he was like, I've never done that before.
 But sure, for $200, I'll sell you the rights.
 And you can sell it too.
 I'm like, oh, sweet.
 So I gave him $200 I didn't have.
 And he gave me the rights.
 So he had the CD and then basically all I do is I had to burn it on the CD, burn it,
 and I can mail it out as many times as I wanted.
 And he had a big, long sales letter he let me use.
 I put his sales letter up and I started trying things.
 And what was cool is I started making sales.
 Not a lot.
 Like every other week we make a sale for $20.
 And then I go burn a CD and I put it in there and blow it.
 And I ship it out.
 I was just like, this is so cool.
 Information products became like the thing.
 And I was trying to figure out how that whole thing worked.
 And that's why I started bumping into people like Yannick Silver and all these different
 internet marketing gurus and watching what they were doing selling information products.
 And I was just hooked to that point.
 And about the time I started watching what they were doing and started learning and I
 started creating different things that my flashlight's still on.
 Sorry.
 And I started creating things.
 In fact, one of my very first products ever, is anybody in this room remember the product
 ZipRander?
 Yeah, like three people.
 VJ does.
 So I had all these info products and I was buying ResilRice, other people's products.
 I'm selling these things.
 And I remember I was like, wouldn't it be cool if there was a way where like, when I
 said this file, this digital file to somebody, it's like when they first opened it, instead
 of just getting the file, they've seen ad for my product and then they see the file.
 And I was like, that was my first like light bulb.
 I'm like, oh my gosh.
 And I was like, it's like zipping a file, but you zip it and they'd be branded.
 So they opened it, they'd see your ad first.
 I was like, this is like, I thought it was it.
 Like that is my idea.
 This is going to change the world as we know it, right?
 And so I bought ZipRander.com and I remember Armin Moore at the time was one of the guys
 I was studying and like, I was just like, Armin is so cool.
 Like everyone of his sites looked very similar.
 They're so cool.
 I'm looking and like, Armin's like, he had a big header graphic with his picture, like
 his arm folded with a suit coat on.
 I was like, oh dude, that's what I need.
 So I got a picture of me like folding my arms and suit coat and he had this header and
 side header look just like his.
 His is always like, e-cover generator and so I was like, ZipRander, like identical.
 And then this is where like my funnel hacking started.
 So he had this big long sales letter.
 I'm like, that looks weird, but Armin's doing this.
 I'm going to do it.
 So like, I look at his sales and I wrote my own based on that.
 And then I was like, how do I, how do I create this?
 I didn't know that.
 And so my first thought is like, oh, well, I should just become a computer engineer.
 Like that'd be the coolest thing.
 Like I want to make software.
 So I switched my major to like computer information systems like learn how to code, right?
 It was about the time that semester was changing.
 So I get to class the first day and he should get up there and start talking about code
 and like databases and all these things, structures.
 And I was in the right, oh crap.
 I have no idea what he's talking about.
 Like not even a little bit.
 And within about 15 seconds I realized that I'm not a coder and never will be a coder.
 Couldn't you understand?
 I thought I was a Spanish class or something and I'm just like, I don't even know what
 he's saying.
 But I didn't know how to change my major again.
 And I kind of was, so I just kind of stayed in it.
 And in a little while I kind of got depressed and I'm like, well, that was my one idea.
 Like I guess I can't do it.
 And then I remember I was listening to a telecent.
 I was on a wrestling tournament.
 We were driving to California.
 It was like a 16 hour drive.
 I downloaded it on my, it was pretty eye pods.
 It was like this little tape player thing.
 A whole bunch of telecentres, arm and head down.
 And I'm listening to these things in the back of the car where all the other wrestlers
 are like partying and having fun and like listening to music and I was listening to
 these seminars and they were totally making fun of me.
 The whole thing, if you meet any of the wrestling buddies, like they relentlessly made fun
 of me the entire, the entire trip.
 Like you're such a nerd.
 Like you're never going to make any money.
 I'm like, no, I swear I will.
 So I'm listening to these things the whole way.
 And in one of these things like 22 hours into this thing, I'm listening to Armand says like,
 yeah, I don't code software.
 I go to this at a time it's called Scriptlands.
 I go to Scriptlands and I pay guys in the Romanian, India, really like hardly anything
 to build stuff.
 And I was like, Armand is not a programmer?
 I thought I was a programmer.
 There are people in India that can do this.
 So I went to like literally that and I jump on Scriptlands and actually prior to that I
 tried to hire a company to do it and they quoted me like $5,000.
 I was like, okay, well I don't have that.
 And so I took the same description I had given these guys and I posted on Scriptlands and
 instantly I got all these people started bidding on it.
 One guy was like, I'll do it for $5,000.
 I'll do it for $2,000 for $1,500 and came down all the way down to this guy named Cyprian
 in Romania said, I'll do it for $20.
 I was like, I got $20.
 So I picked him and he's like, all right, so this is how I'm going to do it.
 And I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about, but just do it.
 I spent like two or three days and sends it back.
 He's like, here it is.
 So I tried it and I like zipped a file and I opened it and my ad showed up and I was
 like, you did it.
 Oh my gosh.
 And he's like, yeah, thanks for the $20.
 I was like, no, you're like, this is going to be huge.
 I'm going to make millions of dollars.
 I feel guilty.
 Give me $20.
 Can I pay you an extra hundred?
 And he was like, yeah, so I gave him $100 and I felt good about it.
 And that was my very first software product I ever did.
 And it didn't make me millions.
 I probably made, I don't know, 10, 15, 20 grand without product business.
 The first one I had, I had sales that started driving traffic.
 I was doing Google ads.
 I was finding JV, all these things, I started selling it.
 And that was like the first thing that actually made me any money.
 That's exciting.
 [APPLAUSE]
 How many has one zipped, Rander?
 The first 30 people in the back?
 No, just kidding.
 It just doesn't work anymore.
 The coding all stopped working like 10 internets ago.
 So it's done.
 But that was my first software product.
 It was so cool.
 About that time is when I started learning more about info products.
 That's when the potato gun came out.
 I gave it to the DVD.
 All these things.
 I was just doing all these little businesses.
 And none of them were huge smashing million dollar successes.
 I didn't pull Dan Henry and read a book.
 And five months later made a million bucks.
 I was like, hey, I made five grand here.
 Oh, I made $200 here.
 And these little things kept happening.
 It was so cool.
 And in every project, it did a little bit better.
 It was like slow momentum.
 Like everyone did a little bit better than the last one.
 Because I got more customers were coming in and more people.
 And I kept just making things in different markets, potato guns.
 And all these sorts of different things.
 And each one got a little bit better.
 And it was just fun.
 And I remember back then I started to tell seminars.
 And I was like, I get like 30 people online.
 And I talk about something.
 I sell it at the end.
 And some people go buy it.
 It was so exciting.
 And that was like the start of this whole thing for me.
 And then one of my friends, BJ, who's sitting over here, he was the wrestler in Nebraska.
 And I wrestled at Boise State.
 It was our senior year.
 And my senior year I'd made--
 I made pretty good.
 I made probably 150, $200,000, somewhere in there, my senior year.
 And he'd heard about it.
 And so, boy, just he was dressed in Nebraska.
 And we're sitting there wrestling.
 And we're glaring each other because we're opposite teams.
 And afterwards, he's like, hey, man.
 So sometimes you told me you're making money.
 Is that true?
 And I was like, yeah.
 He's like, how are you doing it?
 How are you doing it?
 And so we kind of talked about a little bit.
 And then we flew back to our places, we're figuring out college.
 And we kind of talked back and forth a couple for a little while.
 And then after college got in, he's like, hey, man, I want to do what you're doing.
 Can I get a job?
 And I was like, you want a job?
 He's like, yeah.
 I'm like, well, what would you do all day?
 He's like, I don't know.
 I'll do what you're doing.
 I'm like, OK.
 And can we talk about marketing stuff?
 He's like, oh, I love talking about it.
 I'm like, that'd be so cool.
 I have nobody to talk about this stuff.
 I thought it was just me.
 I was like, you're actually interested in this thing.
 He's like, yeah, I'm like, OK.
 Yeah, man, I'll give you a job.
 So come on out.
 So he's like, all right.
 So I was like, I'm going to play in the plane, flies to Boise, and moves literally into her office,
 slept in her office for six months.
 And he gets there, and he's like, OK, so how does this work?
 I never really had an employee before.
 I'm like, I don't really know either.
 I'll pay you.
 And we can talk about marketing.
 They will sell stuff.
 And it'll be awesome.
 Now me as an entrepreneur, I was in this mode of eat what you kill.
 I'd sell something, make a bunch of money.
 And I was like, sweet.
 And then we weren't doing anything for four or five months.
 And we'd create something, sell it, make a bunch of money.
 And then that's kind of the model that I was on for a long time.
 And then BJ came, and he wanted to be an employee.
 And I was like, so excited, Mike, sure.
 And so he's an employee.
 And then the weirdest thing happened is every two weeks he wanted to get paid, whether we
 made money or not.
 I never heard that.
 But I was like, OK, so here's some more money.
 And then two weeks later, I got more.
 And I'm like, oh, crap.
 I got him sold anything for a long time.
 And so then-- and then he had some other friends that came along.
 They were like, this is cool.
 I want to work for you too.
 I'm like, all right.
 Come on over, man.
 Let's get jobs.
 So I gave them jobs.
 One of his buddies and his wife and some other people.
 And I was like, I got all these friends that want to talk about marketing with me.
 This is so fun.
 And so we had all these people coming over.
 And then-- but the problem was that every two weeks they wanted to get paid.
 And so-- but we weren't selling anything.
 So I'd go lock myself in the back room.
 And I'm like, don't bug me, you guys.
 I got to make money so we can all hang out again.
 So I close the door.
 And I start working.
 And I'd be working.
 I'd be selling stuff.
 And then they'd be out there like, dude, can we help you?
 And I'm like, shut up.
 If you talk to me, I can't make money.
 He's to pay you.
 So just like, go away.
 And they're like, we really feel bad.
 We want to help you Russell.
 And that was like this thing.
 And what's interesting is this is one of my first lessons in entrepreneur.
 That was tough, right?
 And so I had-- I don't remember.
 I had five or six people at the time.
 We hired this video guy that was in so many sides to it.
 I can't tell you all of them.
 He was an Indian guy who had shorts.
 Went up to here.
 And he had a braid that went past his shorts.
 Because he told me in interviews, like, yeah, I'm a video guy.
 I'm like, oh, you can't even do videos.
 And he's like, yeah, I got all sorts of video stuff.
 So we hired him.
 And then turned out he didn't know anything about video at all.
 But I didn't dare to fire him because I'd never fired anyone.
 I was so scared.
 And every day we're like, oh, it's just like, he would just quit.
 But I don't know what to do.
 It was just all these weird learning things, right?
 And so this went on for a while.
 I was launching something every week trying to make money to cover payroll.
 And it was just a huge thing.
 And it became horribly not fun for a long time.
 And I kept going worse and worse and worse until the point where it was December.
 It was the beginning of December.
 It was freezing cold.
 And I was looking at everything.
 And every penny I'd ever made was gone.
 Every idea I had, like, how I could hustle and sell things to different markets was gone.
 And I was just like, I just drained.
 Like, I don't know what to do.
 And it was Christmas time.
 I was outside.
 And I started going to go hang up lights around my house.
 And I had this little-- someone had sent me an iPod and Nano.
 And Stu McLaren had actually done an event.
 I don't know if Stu even knows this.
 And he had sent me the links to it.
 So I downloaded the links to this event on this iPod.
 And plugged into my ears.
 And I started, like, hanging up Christmas lights, which I had never done before.
 It's a horrible job.
 Turns out you can hire people to really cheat to do that.
 And the lights look really straight.
 Mine were like, it was really bad.
 And I kept stapling through the wire, which would then kill the lights.
 And it was bad.
 And my fingers were so numb.
 I had this little light coat on.
 I remember, like, oh, my fingers were so numb.
 And I had to have my gloves off to be able to, like, squeeze the thing.
 And so I put them back in and get warm.
 And then I go back in.
 And I didn't really want to go inside and get warm because I was so depressed.
 Because I knew that the next payroll was coming up like a week or so.
 And I was like, I don't have money.
 I don't know what to do.
 And tomorrow, I need to go in and tell these guys, otherwise, they're going to be really
 awkward when payroll does come.
 And I'm like, oh, sorry, guys.
 So tomorrow, I have to go tell everybody this.
 And so I stayed outside in the cold because I didn't want to go in.
 And I just was trying to think.
 And so I'm stapling these Christmas lights around the house.
 So I'm listening to this audio.
 And in the audio, there's two different speakers talking about different business models.
 Back then, we know none of them is called these things funnels.
 But they talked about these different business models, what they were doing.
 And one of them was an offline guy.
 His name is John All.
 And this one of you guys heard me talk about him.
 He's got to talk me about attractive character.
 And he said, he's like, I have this thing that I've been doing where I create these CDs.
 And then I tell him, it's so controversial that I can't put it on the internet, which
 is like the funniest thing ever.
 And he's like, so because that, you've got to pay me $5.
 That will ship you the CD.
 And then he said, what happens is that I shipped in the CD, but then that customer financed
 me, sending them a sales letter.
 I was like, check that.
 It's like brilliant.
 I'm like, we got to do that.
 And I remember I had filmed the CD two years earlier, or DVD.
 And I was like, we could do that.
 We could burn that DVD.
 And we could start sending that out.
 So that was the first presentation was John All.
 And since the next presentation was this guy named Matt Basak, who's become a close friend
 since then.
 And Matt was talking about his business model.
 He said, what I do is I send out CDs.
 And the people that buy the CDs, I call them on the phone.
 And we sell them coaching.
 And I was like, you can call people on the phone?
 Like I never-- I'm an internet nerd.
 I'm like, wait, you--
 And I was super scared.
 But I knew that there was a guy that worked for me at the time, one of those my five or
 six friends who had sold things on the phone before.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, what if--
 like, what if we figured out something we could do where we could like save this thing?
 It might actually be possible.
 I was writing more stuff.
 I'm hitting Christmas lights.
 I'm listening stuff.
 And gosh, this plan that's funnel was going through my head.
 I'm like, OK, I think I figured out a blend of what these two guys are saying could actually
 work.
 And so my time I got in hanging up Christmas lights.
 I text all of them.
 Like, you guys, you don't know this yet.
 But we're about to go bankrupt.
 But I got an idea that I think can save it.
 Let's see it tomorrow morning early.
 And I'm going to walk you through what I think could actually save this business send.
 And they're all texting back like, what?
 Like, I'm going through bankruptcy.
 Like, oh, yeah, we're about to.
 And luckily it's OK to all come in.
 So they all came in the next day.
 And I was like, you guys, I think I got a model.
 This is what we're going to do.
 I was like, remember that DVD I did two years ago and take that?
 And it's going to be a free DVD.
 It's going to be so controversial.
 It can't sell on the internet.
 We'll charge-- I think it was $4.95 shipping and handling.
 And we'll send this DVD out to them.
 And then inside the DVD, we're going to have a sales letter where we're going to sell
 a $5,000-- actually, it was $5,500.
 I don't know why we said that price.
 But it's going to be $5,500.
 And they're like, cool.
 What do we sell?
 $5,500.
 I'm like, I don't know.
 So we had our whiteboard.
 Our whiteboard, right?
 Well, if someone's going to give us $5,500,
 it's like, we have to be something amazing.
 What if we did this?
 And we're like, listen, what if we did that?
 And we made this huge list for two hours of all the amazingness.
 And I was like, that would be awesome.
 But I'm not willing to do half of that stuff.
 So OK, we're not going to have them sleep in my house.
 We're not going to have them do it.
 We crossed out all these things, right?
 OK.
 And we're like, OK, I'd actually be willing to sell this.
 I think people would actually buy that.
 That would be insane.
 And so we took that.
 And then at the same time, we added a newsletter.
 So if somebody bought a CD, they joined a newsletter that
 was $37 a month.
 So they came from here, and they joined a newsletter.
 It's $37 a month.
 And that was the funnel.
 Now back then, we have ClickFunnels.
 So luckily, we had one or two nerds still working for us
 who were able to put these pieces together.
 And we had this really rudimentary, horrible looking
 funnel, but it was live within a day.
 And we said, OK, let's try it.
 And we're talking about a little tiny email list.
 This is pre-Facebook, pre--
 is that my space day?
 So back then, we pushed some traffic to this.
 And we ended up selling a couple hundred of these CDs.
 And then in the CD, we shipped out to them inside the chemist
 cells that are talking about this.
 And then it put people on a continuity program.
 And then we called everybody about the CD and said, hey,
 you bought the CD.
 How would you like to come to Boise?
 And we're going to give you this.
 And this is our Hail Mary pass.
 Like, please let this work.
 And so we did that.
 We focused on it.
 We drove traffic to it.
 And when all of a sudden done over the next two week
 period of time, we got 800 people to get our free CD.
 From that way we used to do is everybody
 was on the continuity of the situation.
 We had 800 people that were on this $37 month continuity.
 But it was free for a month.
 So we weren't making any money here.
 But we had 800 people's phone numbers
 we were able to call.
 And so we were calling them.
 And we didn't know anything about phone sales or anything.
 We were just like, hey, man, you bought the CD.
 You want to come and hang out with Russell?
 They're like, yeah.
 And in that two week period of time,
 we sold 10 people at $5,500 a piece,
 and we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 And we were going to be paying $5,500 a month.
 [APPLAUSE]
